Aetna Medicare Signature (PPO) offered by COVENTRY HEALTH AND LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY
Annual Notice of Change for 2026
You're enrolled as a member of Aetna Medicare SmartFit (PPO).
This material describes changes to our plan's costs and benefits next year.
• You have from October 15 — December 7 to make changes to your Medicare coverage for next
year. If you don't join another plan by December 7, 2025, you'll stay in Aetna Medicare Signature
(PPO).
• To change to a different plan, visit Medicare.gov or review the list in the back of your Medicare &
You 2026 handbook.
• Note this is only a summary of changes. More information about costs, benefits, and rules is in the
Evidence of Coverage. Get a copy at AetnaMedicare.com/H1608-067 or call Member Services
at 1‑833‑570‑6670, (TTY users call 711) to get a copy by mail.
More Resources
• This material is available for free in Spanish. Este material está disponible de forma gratuita en
español.
• Call Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users call 711) for more information. Hours are 8 AM
to 8 PM, 7 days a week. This call is free.
• This material is available in other formats such as braille, large print or other alternate formats upon
request.
About Aetna Medicare Signature (PPO)
• Aetna Medicare is a HMO, PPO plan with a Medicare contract. Our DSNPs also have contracts with
State Medicaid programs. Enrollment in our plans depends on contract renewal.
• When this material says “we,” “us,” or “our,” it means COVENTRY HEALTH AND LIFE INSURANCE
COMPANY. When it says “plan” or “our plan,” it means Aetna Medicare Signature (PPO).
• On January 1, 2026, our plan name will change from Aetna Medicare SmartFit (PPO) to Aetna
Medicare Signature (PPO). We'll send you a new member ID card with our new name. From here on,
our new name, Aetna Medicare Signature (PPO), will be on all materials.
• If you do nothing by December 7, 2025, you’ll automatically be enrolled in Aetna Medicare
Signature (PPO). Starting January 1, 2026, you’ll get your medical and drug coverage through
Aetna Medicare Signature (PPO). Go to Section 3 for more information about how to change plans
and deadlines for making a change.
• Due to legislation in Arkansas, effective January 1, 2026, you may not be able to utilize the following
services within the state of Arkansas, unless a court takes action: CVS Retail, CVS Caremark Mail
Service, CVS Specialty, and OMNI Care long term pharmacies.
Y0001_H1608_067_PP26_ANOC2026_M
OMB Approval 0938-1051 (Expires: August 31, 2026)

2 Aetna Medicare Signature (PPO) Annual Notice of Change for 2026
Annual Notice of Change for 2026
Table of Contents
Summary of Important Costs for 2026 3
SECTION 1 Changes to Benefits & Costs for Next Year 6
Section 1.1 Changes to the Monthly Premium 6
Section 1.2 Changes to Your Maximum Out‑of‑Pocket Amounts 6
Section 1.3 Changes to the Provider Network 6
Section 1.4 Changes to the Pharmacy Network 7
Section 1.5 Changes to Benefits & Costs for Medical Services 7
Section 1.6 Changes to Part D Drug Coverage 14
Section 1.7 Changes to Prescription Drug Benefits & Costs 15
SECTION 2 Administrative Changes 18
SECTION 3 How to Change Plans 19
Section 3.1 Deadlines for Changing Plans 20
Section 3.2 Are there other times of the year to make a change? 20
SECTION 4 Get Help Paying for Prescription Drugs 20
SECTION 5 Questions? 22
Get Help from Aetna Medicare Signature (PPO) 22
Get Free Counseling about Medicare 22
Get Help from Medicare 22

Aetna Medicare Signature (PPO) Annual Notice of Change for 2026 3
Summary of Important Costs for 2026
2025 (this year) 2026 (next year)
Monthly plan premium* $0 $0
* Your premium can be higher than this
amount. Go to Section 1.1 for details.
Deductible $0 $0
Maximum out‑of‑pocket amounts From network providers: From network providers:
This is the most you'll pay out of pocket $3,900 $4,200
for covered services.
(Go to Section 1.2 for details.) From network and From network and
out‑of‑network providers out‑of‑network providers
combined: $5,900 combined: $6,300
Primary care office visits In‑Network: In‑Network:
$0 copay per visit $0 copay per visit
Out‑of‑Network: Out‑of‑Network:
45% of the total cost per visit 45% of the total cost per visit
Specialist office visits In‑Network: In‑Network:
$30 copay per visit $60 copay per visit
Out‑of‑Network: Out‑of‑Network:
45% of the total cost per visit 45% of the total cost per visit
Inpatient hospital stays In‑Network: In‑Network:
$325 per day, days 1‑6; $0 per $450 per day, days 1‑6; $0 per
Includes inpatient acute, inpatient day, days 7‑90; $0 copay for day, days 7‑90; $0 copay for
rehabilitation, long‑term care hospitals, additional days for each additional days for each
and other types of inpatient hospital medically necessary covered medically necessary covered
services. Inpatient hospital care starts inpatient stay. inpatient stay.
the day you’re formally admitted to the
hospital with a doctor’s order. The day Out‑of‑Network: Out‑of‑Network:
before you’re discharged is your last 45% per stay 45% per stay
inpatient day.

4 Aetna Medicare Signature (PPO) Annual Notice of Change for 2026
2025 (this year) 2026 (next year)
Part D drug coverage deductible $590 (Tiers 3–5) except for $615 (Tiers 3–5) except for
(Go to Section 1.7 for details) covered insulin products and covered insulin products and
most adult Part D vaccines. most adult Part D vaccines.
Part D drug coverage Copayment/Coinsurance Copayment/Coinsurance
(Go to Section 1.7 for details, including during the Initial Coverage during the Initial Coverage
Yearly Deductible, Initial Coverage, and Stage: Stage:
Catastrophic Coverage Stages.)
Tier 1 – Preferred Generic: Tier 1 – Preferred Generic:
Standard cost‑sharing: Standard cost‑sharing:
You pay $2 per prescription. You pay $2 per prescription.
Preferred cost‑sharing: Preferred cost‑sharing:
You pay $0 per prescription. You pay $0 per prescription.
Tier 2 – Generic: Tier 2 – Generic:
Standard cost‑sharing: Standard cost‑sharing:
You pay $12 per prescription. You pay $12 per prescription.
Preferred cost‑sharing: Preferred cost‑sharing:
You pay $0 per prescription. You pay $0 per prescription.
Tier 3 – Preferred Brand: Tier 3 – Preferred Brand:
Standard cost‑sharing: Standard cost‑sharing:
You pay 24% of the total cost. You pay 24% of the total cost.
You pay no more than $35 per You pay no more than $35 per
month supply of each covered month supply of each covered
insulin product on this tier. insulin product on this tier.
Preferred cost‑sharing: Preferred cost‑sharing:
You pay 24% of the total cost. You pay 24% of the total cost.
You pay no more than $35 per You pay no more than $35 per
month supply of each covered month supply of each covered
insulin product on this tier. insulin product on this tier.
Tier 4 – Non‑Preferred Drug: Tier 4 – Non‑Preferred Drug:
Standard cost‑sharing: Standard cost‑sharing:
You pay 25% of the total cost. You pay 25% of the total cost.
Preferred cost‑sharing: You pay no more than $35 per
You pay 25% of the total cost. month supply of each covered
insulin product on this tier.
Preferred cost‑sharing:
You pay 25% of the total cost.
You pay no more than $35 per
month supply of each covered
insulin product on this tier.
Tier 5 – Specialty: Tier 5 – Specialty:

Aetna Medicare Signature (PPO) Annual Notice of Change for 2026 5
2025 (this year) 2026 (next year)
Standard cost‑sharing: Standard cost‑sharing:
You pay 25% of the total cost. You pay 25% of the total cost.
You pay no more than $35 per You pay no more than $35 per
month supply of each covered month supply of each covered
insulin product on this tier. insulin product on this tier.
Preferred cost‑sharing: Preferred cost‑sharing:
You pay 25% of the total cost. You pay 25% of the total cost.
You pay no more than $35 per You pay no more than $35 per
month supply of each covered month supply of each covered
insulin product on this tier. insulin product on this tier.
Catastrophic Coverage Stage: Catastrophic Coverage Stage:
• During this payment • During this payment
stage, you pay nothing stage, you pay nothing
for your covered Part D for your covered Part D
drugs. drugs.

6 Aetna Medicare Signature (PPO) Annual Notice of Change for 2026
SECTION 1 Changes to Benefits & Costs for Next Year
Section 1.1 Changes to the Monthly Premium
2025 (this year) 2026 (next year)
Monthly premium $0 $0
(You must also continue to pay
your Medicare Part B premium.)
Factors that could change your Part D Premium Amount
• Late Enrollment Penalty ‑ Your monthly plan premium will be more if you're required to pay a lifetime
Part D late enrollment penalty for going without other drug coverage that's at least as good as
Medicare drug coverage (also referred to as creditable coverage) for 63 days or more.
• Higher Income Surcharge ‑ If you have a higher income, you may have to pay an additional amount
each month directly to the government for your Medicare drug coverage.
Section 1.2 Changes to Your Maximum Out‑of‑Pocket Amounts
Medicare requires all health plans to limit how much you pay out of pocket for the year. These limits are
called the maximum out of pocket amounts. Once you've paid this amount, you generally pay nothing for
covered services for the rest of the calendar year.
2025 (this year) 2026 (next year)
In‑network maximum $3,900 $4,200
out‑of‑pocket amount
Once you've paid $4,200 out of
Your costs for covered medical pocket for covered services,
services (such as copayments) you'll pay nothing for your
from network providers count covered services from network
toward your in‑network providers for the rest of the
maximum out‑of‑pocket calendar year.
amount. Your costs for
prescription drugs don't count
toward your maximum
out‑of‑pocket amount.
Combined maximum $5,900 $6,300
out‑of‑pocket amount
Once you've paid $6,300 out of
Your costs for covered medical pocket for covered services,
services (such as copayments) you'll pay nothing for your
from in‑network and covered services from network
out‑of‑network providers count or out‑of‑network providers for
toward your combined maximum the rest of the calendar year.
out‑of‑pocket amount. Your
costs for outpatient prescription
drugs don't count toward your
maximum out‑of‑pocket amount
for medical services.
Section 1.3 Changes to the Provider Network
Our network of providers has changed for next year. Review the 2026 Provider Directory

Aetna Medicare Signature (PPO) Annual Notice of Change for 2026 7
AetnaMedicare.com/findprovider to see if your providers (primary care provider, specialists, hospitals,
etc.) are in our network. Here's how to get an updated Provider Directory:
• Visit our website at AetnaMedicare.com/findprovider.
• Call Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670, (TTY users call 711) to get current provider information or
to ask us to mail you a Provider Directory.
We can make changes to the hospitals, doctors, and specialists (providers) that are part of our plan during
the year. If a mid‑year change in our providers affects you, call Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670, (TTY
users call 711) for help.
Section 1.4 Changes to the Pharmacy Network
Amounts you pay for your prescription drugs can depend on which pharmacy you use. Medicare drug
plans have a network of pharmacies. In most cases, your prescriptions are covered only if they are filled at
one of our network pharmacies.Our network includes pharmacies with preferred cost sharing, which may
offer you lower cost sharing than the standard cost sharing offered by other network pharmacies for some
drugs.
Our network of pharmacies has changed for next year. Review the 2026 Pharmacy Directory
AetnaMedicare.com/findpharmacy to see which pharmacies are in our network. Here's how to get an
updated Pharmacy Directory:
• Visit our website at AetnaMedicare.com/findpharmacy.
• Call Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670, (TTY users call 711) to get current pharmacy information
or to ask us to mail you a Pharmacy Directory.
We can make changes to the pharmacies that are part of our plan during the year. If a mid‑year change in
our pharmacies affects you, call Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670, (TTY users call 711) for help.
Section 1.5 Changes to Benefits & Costs for Medical Services
2025 (this year) 2026 (next year)
Acupuncture for chronic In‑Network: In‑Network:
low back pain You pay a $30 copay for each You pay a $60 copay for each
Medicare‑covered service. Medicare‑covered service.
Cardiac rehabilitation In‑Network: In‑Network:
services You pay a $25 copay for each You pay a $5 copay for each
Medicare‑covered service. Medicare‑covered service.
Dental services In‑Network: In‑Network:
You pay a $30 copay for each You pay a $60 copay for each
Medicare‑covered service. Medicare‑covered service.
Dental services Additional (non‑Medicare covered) There is no maximum benefit amount
(additional) dental services maximum benefit: Plan for the additional (non‑Medicare
pays $1,250 every year for additional covered) preventive dental services
(non‑Medicare covered) preventive covered by your plan. Additional
dental services and additional (non‑Medicare covered)
(non‑Medicare covered) comprehensive dental services are not
comprehensive dental services covered.
combined.
This service is continued on the next page

8 Aetna Medicare Signature (PPO) Annual Notice of Change for 2026
2025 (this year) 2026 (next year)
Dental services
(additional) (continued)
In‑Network: In‑Network:
Preventive dental services Preventive dental services
(non‑Medicare covered): (non‑Medicare covered):
• Oral exams: $0 copay • Oral exams: $0 copay
• X‑rays: $0 copay • X‑rays: $0 copay
• Other diagnostic dental services: $0 • Other diagnostic dental services:
copay Not covered
• Cleanings: $0 copay • Cleanings: $0 copay
• Fluoride treatments: $0 copay • Fluoride treatments: Not covered
• Other preventive dental services: $0 • Other preventive dental services:
copay Not covered
Comprehensive dental services Comprehensive dental services
(non‑Medicare covered): (non‑Medicare covered):
• Restorative services: $0 copay • Restorative services: Not covered
• Endodontics: $0 copay • Endodontics: Not covered
• Periodontics: $0 copay • Periodontics: Not covered
• Prosthodontics, fixed: $0 copay • Prosthodontics, fixed: Not covered
• Prosthodontics, removable: $0 • Prosthodontics, removable: Not
copay covered
• Maxillofacial prosthetics: Not • Maxillofacial prosthetics: Not
covered covered
• Oral and maxillofacial surgery: $0 • Oral and maxillofacial surgery: Not
copay covered
• Implant services: Not covered • Implant services: Not covered
• Orthodontics: Not covered • Orthodontics: Not covered
• Adjunctive general services: $0 • Adjunctive general services: Not
copay covered
See the dental schedule in the See the dental schedule in the
Evidence of Coverage for additional Evidence of Coverage for additional
details. details.
Dental services Out‑of‑Network: Out‑of‑Network:
(additional) Preventive dental services Preventive dental services
(non‑Medicare covered): (non‑Medicare covered):
• Oral exams: 50% coinsurance • Oral exams: 50% coinsurance
• X‑rays: 50% coinsurance • X‑rays: 50% coinsurance
• Other diagnostic dental services: • Other diagnostic dental services:
50% coinsurance Not covered
• Cleanings: 50% coinsurance • Cleanings: 50% coinsurance
• Fluoride treatments: 50% • Fluoride treatments: Not covered
coinsurance • Other preventive dental services:
• Other preventive dental services: Not covered
50% coinsurance
Comprehensive dental services
Comprehensive dental services (non‑Medicare covered):
(non‑Medicare covered):
This service is continued on the next page

Aetna Medicare Signature (PPO) Annual Notice of Change for 2026 9
2025 (this year) 2026 (next year)
Dental services
(additional) (continued)
• Restorative services: 50% • Restorative services: Not covered
coinsurance • Endodontics: Not covered
• Endodontics: 50% coinsurance
• Periodontics: Not covered
• Periodontics: 50% coinsurance
• Prosthodontics, fixed: Not covered
• Prosthodontics, fixed: 50%
• Prosthodontics, removable: Not
coinsurance
covered
• Prosthodontics, removable: 50%
• Maxillofacial prosthetics: Not
coinsurance
covered
• Maxillofacial prosthetics: Not
• Oral and maxillofacial surgery: Not
covered
covered
• Oral and maxillofacial surgery: 50%
• Implant services: Not covered
coinsurance
• Orthodontics: Not covered
• Implant services: Not covered
• Adjunctive general services: Not
• Orthodontics: Not covered
covered
• Adjunctive general services: 50%
coinsurance
See the dental schedule in the
Evidence of Coverage for additional
See the dental schedule in the
details.
Evidence of Coverage for additional
details.
Diabetic supplies In‑Network: In‑Network:
You pay 0%‑20% of the total cost for You pay 0%‑20% of the total cost for
each Medicare‑covered item.The each Medicare‑covered item.The
minimum cost share is for minimum cost share is for
OneTouch/LifeScan supplies, Accu‑Chek/Roche and TRUE/Trividia
including test strips, glucose monitors, blood glucose meters, and medical
solutions, lancets and lancing devices. diabetic supplies.
The maximum cost share is for The maximum cost share is for blood
non‑OneTouch/LifeScan supplies, glucose meters and supplies
including test strips, glucose monitors, manufactured by providers other than
solutions, lancets and lancing devices Accu‑Chek/Roche and TRUE/Trividia
(prior authorization may be required). with an approved prior authorization.
Diabetic supplies Out‑of‑Network: Out‑of‑Network:
You pay 0%‑20% of the total cost for You pay 0%‑20% of the total cost for
each Medicare‑covered item. each Medicare‑covered item.
The minimum cost share is for The minimum cost share is for
OneTouch/LifeScan supplies, Accu‑Chek/Roche and TRUE/Trividia
including test strips, glucose monitors, blood glucose meters, and medical
solutions, lancets and lancing devices. diabetic supplies.
The maximum cost share is for The maximum cost share is for blood
non‑OneTouch/LifeScan supplies, glucose meters and supplies
including test strips, glucose monitors, manufactured by providers other than
solutions, lancets and lancing devices Accu‑Chek/Roche and TRUE/Trividia
(prior authorization may be required). with an approved prior authorization.
Diagnostic procedures In‑Network: In‑Network:
and tests You pay a $30 copay for each You pay a $0‑$60 copay for each
Medicare‑covered service.You pay a Medicare‑covered service.The
$0 copay for certain minimum cost share is for services
Medicare‑covered diagnostic tests provided by your primary care provider
and services including retinal fundus, in their office.
This service is continued on the next page

10 Aetna Medicare Signature (PPO) Annual Notice of Change for 2026
2025 (this year) 2026 (next year)
Diagnostic procedures
and tests (continued)
spirometry, and peripheral arterial The maximum cost share is for
disease (PAD). services performed by a provider other
than your primary care provider.You
pay a $0 copay for certain
Medicare‑covered diagnostic tests
and services including retinal fundus,
spirometry, and peripheral arterial
disease (PAD).
Diagnostic radiology In‑Network: In‑Network:
services You pay a $110 copay for each You pay a $190 copay for each
Medicare‑covered service. Medicare‑covered service.
Emergency care In‑Network: In‑Network:
You pay a $140 copay for each You pay a $150 copay for each
Medicare‑covered service. Medicare‑covered service.
Emergency care Out‑of‑Network: Out‑of‑Network:
You pay a $140 copay for each You pay a $150 copay for each
Medicare‑covered service. Medicare‑covered service.
Emergency care You pay a $140 copay for each You pay a $150 copay for each
(worldwide) non‑Medicare covered service. non‑Medicare covered service.
There is no combined maximum There is a $250,000 combined
benefit amount for worldwide maximum benefit amount for
emergency care, emergency worldwide emergency care,
transportation and urgently needed emergency transportation and
care. urgently needed care.
Emergency You pay a $300 copay for each You pay a $300 copay for each
transportation non‑Medicare covered service. non‑Medicare covered service.
(worldwide)
There is no combined maximum There is a $250,000 combined
benefit amount for worldwide maximum benefit amount for
emergency care, emergency worldwide emergency care,
transportation and urgently needed emergency transportation and
care. urgently needed care.
Eye exams In‑Network: In‑Network:
(non‑Medicare covered) You pay a $0 copay for each You pay a $0 copay for each
non‑Medicare covered service (one non‑Medicare covered service (one
exam every year) with any network exam every year) with an EyeMed
provider. The number of visits includes provider. The number of visits includes
services from both network and services from both network and
out‑of‑network providers. out‑of‑network providers.
Eye exams Out‑of‑Network: Out‑of‑Network:
(non‑Medicare covered) You pay 45% of the total cost for each You pay 0% of the total cost for each
non‑Medicare covered service (one non‑Medicare covered service (one
exam every year). The number of visits exam every year) up to a $50 benefit
includes services from both network amount (allowance). The number of
and out‑of‑network providers. visits includes services from both
network and out‑of‑network providers.
Eyewear — prescription Non‑Medicare covered eyewear Non‑Medicare covered eyewear
(non‑Medicare covered) maximum benefit: Plan pays $315 maximum benefit: Plan pays $100
every year for non‑Medicare covered every year for non‑Medicare covered
prescription eyewear. prescription eyewear.

Aetna Medicare Signature (PPO) Annual Notice of Change for 2026 11
2025 (this year) 2026 (next year)
Fitness program Fitness programs are provided by Fitness programs are provided by
SilverSneakers®. SilverSneakers®.
Fitness Reimbursement Fitness Reimbursement
In addition, plan reimburses $90 per Fitness Reimbursement is not covered.
quarter toward certain aerobic/fitness
activity fees, membership fees, activity See the Evidence of Coverage for more
fees, activity supplies, fitness supplies information.
and wearable items.
See the Evidence of Coverage for more
information.
Hearing aids Hearing aid maximum benefit Hearing aid maximum benefit
allowance: Plan pays $1,500 per ear for allowance: Plan pays $1,250 per ear for
hearing aids every year. hearing aids every year.
Hearing exams In‑Network: In‑Network:
You pay a $30 copay for each You pay a $60 copay for each
Medicare‑covered service. Medicare‑covered service.
Inpatient hospital care In‑Network: In‑Network:
You pay $325 per day, days 1‑6; $0 per You pay $450 per day, days 1‑6; $0 per
day, days 7‑90 for each medically day, days 7‑90 for each medically
necessary covered inpatient stay. necessary covered inpatient stay.
Inpatient services in a In‑Network: In‑Network:
psychiatric hospital You pay $310 per day, days 1‑6; $0 per You pay $410 per day, days 1‑6; $0 per
day, days 7‑90 for each medically day, days 7‑90 for each medically
necessary covered inpatient stay. necessary covered inpatient stay.
Intensive cardiac In‑Network: In‑Network:
rehabilitation services You pay a $25 copay for each You pay a $5 copay for each
Medicare‑covered service. Medicare‑covered service.
Intensive outpatient In‑Network: In‑Network:
services You pay a $85 copay for each You pay a $180 copay for each
Medicare‑covered service. Medicare‑covered service.
Meal benefit You pay a $0 copay for 14 meals over a The post‑discharge meal benefit is not
(post‑discharge) 7‑day period after discharge from an covered.
Inpatient Acute Hospital, Inpatient
Psychiatric Hospital or Skilled Nursing
Facility. See the Evidence of Coverage
for more information.
Meals are provided by NationsMarket.
Medicare Part B drugs Our Part B step program categories and targeted drugs may change yearly.
Please visit the following link to review our list of Medicare Part B drugs that
may be subject to step therapy: Aetna.com/PartB-Step. See the Evidence of
Coverage for more information.
Nutritional counseling In‑Network: In‑Network:
You pay a $0 copay for each Non‑Medicare covered nutritional
non‑Medicare covered service counseling services are not covered.
(unlimited visits every year).
Nutritional counseling Out‑of‑Network: Out‑of‑Network:
You pay 45% of the total cost for each Non‑Medicare covered nutritional
non‑Medicare covered service counseling services are not covered.
(unlimited visits every year). The
number of visits includes services from
This service is continued on the next page

12 Aetna Medicare Signature (PPO) Annual Notice of Change for 2026
2025 (this year) 2026 (next year)
Nutritional counseling
(continued)
both network and out‑of‑network
providers.
This service applies to the maximum
out‑of‑pocket amount.
Occupational therapy In‑Network: In‑Network:
services You pay a $25 copay for each You pay a $60 copay for each
Medicare‑covered service. Medicare‑covered service.
Opioid treatment In‑Network: In‑Network:
program services You pay a $25 copay for each You pay a $60 copay for each
Medicare‑covered service. Medicare‑covered service.
Outpatient hospital In‑Network: In‑Network:
observation services You pay a $325 copay for each You pay a $450 copay for each
Medicare‑covered service. Medicare‑covered service.
Outpatient hospital In‑Network: In‑Network:
services You pay a $250 copay for each You pay a $425 copay for each
Medicare‑covered service. Medicare‑covered service.
The cost sharing applies to services The cost sharing applies to services
delivered in an outpatient hospital delivered in an outpatient hospital
setting that are not specifically setting that are not specifically
described elsewhere in the Evidence of described elsewhere in the Evidence of
Coverage. Coverage.
Outpatient mental In‑Network: In‑Network:
health care (group You pay a $10 copay for each You pay a $60 copay for each
sessions) Medicare‑covered service. Medicare‑covered service.
Outpatient mental In‑Network: In‑Network:
health care (individual You pay a $25 copay for each You pay a $60 copay for each
sessions) Medicare‑covered service. Medicare‑covered service.
Outpatient psychiatric In‑Network: In‑Network:
services (group You pay a $10 copay for each You pay a $60 copay for each
sessions) Medicare‑covered service. Medicare‑covered service.
Outpatient psychiatric In‑Network: In‑Network:
services (individual You pay a $25 copay for each You pay a $60 copay for each
sessions) Medicare‑covered service. Medicare‑covered service.
Outpatient substance In‑Network: In‑Network:
use disorder services You pay a $10 copay for each You pay a $60 copay for each
(group sessions) Medicare‑covered service. Medicare‑covered service.
Outpatient substance In‑Network: In‑Network:
use disorder services You pay a $25 copay for each You pay a $60 copay for each
(individual sessions) Medicare‑covered service. Medicare‑covered service.
Outpatient surgery In‑Network: In‑Network:
provided at ambulatory You pay a $225 copay for each You pay a $375 copay for each
surgical centers Medicare‑covered service. Medicare‑covered service.
Outpatient surgery In‑Network: In‑Network:
provided at hospital You pay a $250 copay for each You pay a $425 copay for each
outpatient facilities Medicare‑covered service. Medicare‑covered service.
Over‑the‑counter (OTC) With this plan, you get a $60 quarterly OTC benefit is not covered.
benefit benefit amount (allowance).
We have teamed up with OTC Health
This service is continued on the next page

Aetna Medicare Signature (PPO) Annual Notice of Change for 2026 13
2025 (this year) 2026 (next year)
Over‑the‑counter (OTC)
benefit (continued)
Solutions to provide this benefit.
See the Evidence of Coverage for more
information.
Over‑the‑counter (OTC) Nicotine replacement therapy (NRT) is Nicotine replacement therapy (NRT) is
— Nicotine replacement covered as part of your not covered.
therapy over‑the‑counter (OTC) benefit.
Physical therapy and In‑Network: In‑Network:
speech therapy services You pay a $25 copay for each You pay a $60 copay for each
Medicare‑covered service. Medicare‑covered service.
Physician specialist In‑Network: In‑Network:
services You pay a $30 copay for each You pay a $60 copay for each
Medicare‑covered service. Medicare‑covered service.
Podiatry services In‑Network: In‑Network:
You pay a $30 copay for each You pay a $60 copay for each
Medicare‑covered service. Medicare‑covered service.
Podiatry services In‑Network: In‑Network:
(additional) You pay a $30 copay for each You pay a $60 copay for each
additional (non‑Medicare covered) additional (non‑Medicare covered)
service (six visits every year). The service (six visits every year). The
number of visits includes services from number of visits includes services from
both network and out‑of‑network both network and out‑of‑network
providers. providers.
Pulmonary In‑Network: In‑Network:
rehabilitation services You pay a $15 copay for each You pay a $5 copay for each
Medicare‑covered service. Medicare‑covered service.
Skilled nursing facility In‑Network: In‑Network:
(SNF) care You pay $20 per day, days 1‑20; $214 You pay $20 per day, days 1‑20; $218
per day, days 21‑100. per day, days 21‑100.
Supervised Exercise In‑Network: In‑Network:
Therapy (SET) You pay a $25 copay for each You pay a $5 copay for each
Medicare‑covered service. Medicare‑covered service.
Telehealth additional You pay a $10 copay for each You pay a $60 copay for each
services — mental Medicare‑covered service. Medicare‑covered service.
health (group sessions)
Telehealth additional You pay a $25 copay for each You pay a $60 copay for each
services — mental Medicare‑covered service. Medicare‑covered service.
health (individual
sessions)
Telehealth additional You pay a $25 copay for each You pay a $60 copay for each
services — occupational Medicare‑covered service. Medicare‑covered service.
therapy
Telehealth additional You pay a $25 copay for each You pay a $60 copay for each
services — opioid Medicare‑covered service. Medicare‑covered service.
treatment
Telehealth additional You pay a $10 copay for each You pay a $60 copay for each
services — outpatient Medicare‑covered service. Medicare‑covered service.
substance use disorder
(group sessions)

14 Aetna Medicare Signature (PPO) Annual Notice of Change for 2026
2025 (this year) 2026 (next year)
Telehealth additional You pay a $25 copay for each You pay a $60 copay for each
services — outpatient Medicare‑covered service. Medicare‑covered service.
substance use disorder
(individual sessions)
Telehealth additional You pay a $25 copay for each You pay a $60 copay for each
services — physical Medicare‑covered service. Medicare‑covered service.
therapy and
speech therapy
Telehealth additional You pay a $10 copay for each You pay a $60 copay for each
services — psychiatric Medicare‑covered service. Medicare‑covered service.
(group sessions)
Telehealth additional You pay a $25 copay for each You pay a $60 copay for each
services — psychiatric Medicare‑covered service. Medicare‑covered service.
(individual sessions)
Telehealth additional You pay a $30 copay for each You pay a $0‑$60 copay for each
services — physician Medicare‑covered service. Medicare‑covered service.
specialist The minimum cost share is for services
in a nursing home.
The maximum cost share is for
services outside a nursing home.
Telehealth additional You pay a $30 copay for each You pay a $60 copay for each
services — urgent care Medicare‑covered service. Medicare‑covered service.
Urgently needed In‑Network: In‑Network:
services You pay a $30 copay for each You pay a $60 copay for each
Medicare‑covered service. Medicare‑covered service.
Urgently needed Out‑of‑Network: Out‑of‑Network:
services You pay a $30 copay for each You pay a $60 copay for each
Medicare‑covered service. Medicare‑covered service.
Urgently needed You pay a $140 copay for each You pay a $150 copay for each
services (worldwide) non‑Medicare covered service. non‑Medicare covered service.
There is no combined maximum There is a $250,000 combined
benefit amount for worldwide maximum benefit amount for
emergency care, emergency worldwide emergency care,
transportation and urgently needed emergency transportation and
care. urgently needed care.
Section 1.6 Changes to Part D Drug Coverage
Changes to Our Drug List
Our list of covered drugs is called a formulary or Drug List. A copy of our Drug List is provided
electronically.
We made changes to our Drug List, which could include removing or adding drugs, changing the
restrictions that apply to our coverage for certain drugs, or moving them to a different cost‑sharing tier.
Review the Drug List to make sure your drugs will be covered next year and to see if there will be any
restrictions, or if your drug has been moved to a different cost‑sharing tier.
Most of the changes in the Drug List are new for the beginning of each year. However, we might make
other changes that are allowed by Medicare rules that will affect you during the calendar year. We update
our online Drug List at least monthly to provide the most up‑to‑date list of drugs. If we make a change that
will affect your access to a drug you're taking, we'll send you a notice about the change.

Aetna Medicare Signature (PPO) Annual Notice of Change for 2026 15
If you're affected by a change in drug coverage at the beginning of the year or during the year, review
Chapter 9 of your Evidence of Coverage and talk to your prescriber to find out your options, such as asking
for a temporary supply, applying for an exception, and/or working to find a new drug. Call Member
Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users call 711) for more information.
Section 1.7 Changes to Prescription Drug Benefits & Costs
Do you get Extra Help to pay for your drug coverage costs?
If you're in a program that helps pay for your drugs (Extra Help), the information about costs for Part D
drugs may not apply to you. We sent you a separate material, called the Evidence of Coverage Rider for
People Who Get Extra Help Paying for Prescription Drugs, which tells about your drug costs. If you receive
Extra Help and you don’t get this material by September 30th, call Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670,
(TTY users call 711) and ask for the LIS Rider.
Drug Payment Stages
There are 3 drug payment stages: the Yearly Deductible Stage, the Initial Coverage Stage, and the
Catastrophic Coverage Stage. The Coverage Gap Stage and the Coverage Gap Discount Program no
longer exist in the Part D benefit.
• Stage 1: Yearly Deductible
You start in this payment stage each calendar year. During this stage, you pay the full cost of your
Tier 3 (Preferred Brand), Tier 4 (Non‑Preferred Drug), Tier 5 (Specialty) drugs until you've reached
the yearly deductible.
• Stage 2: Initial Coverage
Once you pay the yearly deductible, you move to the Initial Coverage Stage. In this stage, our plan
pays its share of the cost of your drugs, and you pay your share of the cost. You generally stay in this
stage until your year‑to‑date Out‑of‑Pocket costs reach $2,100.
• Stage 3: Catastrophic Coverage
This is the third and final drug payment stage. In this stage, you pay nothing for your covered Part D
drugs. You generally stay in this stage for the rest of the calendar year.
The Coverage Gap Discount Program has been replaced by the Manufacturer Discount Program. Under
the Manufacturer Discount Program, drug manufacturers pay a portion of our plan’s full cost for covered
Part D brand name drugs and biologics during the Initial Coverage Stage and the Catastrophic Coverage
Stage. Discounts paid by manufacturers under the Manufacturer Discount Program don't count toward
out‑of‑pocket costs.

16 Aetna Medicare Signature (PPO) Annual Notice of Change for 2026
Drug Costs in Stage 1: Yearly Deductible
The table shows your cost per prescription during this stage.
2025 (this year) 2026 (next year)
Yearly Deductible $590 (Tiers 3–5) $615 (Tiers 3–5)
During this stage, you pay: During this stage, you pay:
• $0 at preferred pharmacies or • $0 at preferred pharmacies or
$2 at standard pharmacies for $2 at standard pharmacies for
drugs on Tier 1 (Preferred drugs on Tier 1 (Preferred
Generic) Generic)
• $0 at preferred pharmacies or • $0 at preferred pharmacies or
$12 at standard pharmacies $12 at standard pharmacies
for drugs on Tier 2 (Generic) for drugs on Tier 2 (Generic)
and the full cost of drugs on: and the full cost of drugs on:
• Tier 3 (Preferred Brand) • Tier 3 (Preferred Brand)
• Tier 4 (Non‑Preferred Drug) • Tier 4 (Non‑Preferred Drug)
• Tier 5 (Specialty) • Tier 5 (Specialty)
until you've reached the yearly until you've reached the yearly
deductible. deductible.
Drug Costs in Stage 2: Initial Coverage
The table shows your cost per prescription for a one‑month (30‑day) supply filled at a network pharmacy
with standard and preferred cost sharing.
We changed the tier for some of the drugs on our Drug List. To see if your drugs will be in a different tier,
look them up on the Drug List.
Most adult Part D vaccines are covered at no cost to you. For more information about the costs of
vaccines, or information about the costs for a long‑term supply, or at a network pharmacy that offers
preferred cost sharing, or for mail‑order prescriptions, go to Chapter 6 of your Evidence of Coverage.
Once you've paid $2,100 out of pocket for covered Part D drugs, you'll move to the next stage (the
Catastrophic Coverage Stage).

Aetna Medicare Signature (PPO) Annual Notice of Change for 2026 17
2025 (this year) 2026 (next year)
Tier 1 – Preferred Generic: Standard cost‑sharing: Standard cost‑sharing:
You pay $2 per prescription. You pay $2 per prescription.
We changed the tier for some of
the drugs on our Drug List. To Your cost for a one‑month Your cost for a one‑month
see if your drugs will be in a (30‑day supply) mail‑order (30‑day supply) mail‑order
different tier, look them up on the prescription is $2. prescription is $2.
Drug List.
Preferred cost‑sharing: Preferred cost‑sharing:
You pay $0 per prescription. You pay $0 per prescription.
Your cost for a one‑month Your cost for a one‑month
(30‑day supply) mail‑order (30‑day supply) mail‑order
prescription is $0. prescription is $0.
Tier 2 – Generic: Standard cost‑sharing: Standard cost‑sharing:
You pay $12 per prescription. You pay $12 per prescription.
Your cost for a one‑month Your cost for a one‑month
(30‑day supply) mail‑order (30‑day supply) mail‑order
prescription is $12. prescription is $12.
Preferred cost‑sharing: Preferred cost‑sharing:
You pay $0 per prescription. You pay $0 per prescription.
Your cost for a one‑month Your cost for a one‑month
(30‑day supply) mail‑order (30‑day supply) mail‑order
prescription is $0. prescription is $0.
Tier 3 – Preferred Brand: Standard cost‑sharing: Standard cost‑sharing:
You pay 24% of the total cost. You pay 24% of the total cost.
You pay no more than $35 per You pay no more than $35 per
month supply of each covered month supply of each covered
insulin product on this tier. insulin product on this tier.
Your cost for a one‑month Your cost for a one‑month
(30‑day supply) mail‑order (30‑day supply) mail‑order
prescription is 24%. prescription is 24%.
Preferred cost‑sharing: Preferred cost‑sharing:
You pay 24% of the total cost. You pay 24% of the total cost.
You pay no more than $35 per You pay no more than $35 per
month supply of each covered month supply of each covered
insulin product on this tier. insulin product on this tier.
Your cost for a one‑month Your cost for a one‑month
(30‑day supply) mail‑order (30‑day supply) mail‑order
prescription is 24%. prescription is 24%.

18 Aetna Medicare Signature (PPO) Annual Notice of Change for 2026
2025 (this year) 2026 (next year)
Tier 4 – Non‑Preferred Drug: Standard cost‑sharing: Standard cost‑sharing:
You pay 25% of the total cost. You pay 25% of the total cost.
Your cost for a one‑month You pay no more than $35 per
(30‑day supply) mail‑order month supply of each covered
prescription is 25%. insulin product on this tier.
Preferred cost‑sharing: Your cost for a one‑month
You pay 25% of the total cost. (30‑day supply) mail‑order
prescription is 25%.
Your cost for a one‑month
(30‑day supply) mail‑order Preferred cost‑sharing:
prescription is 25%. You pay 25% of the total cost.
You pay no more than $35 per
month supply of each covered
insulin product on this tier.
Your cost for a one‑month
(30‑day supply) mail‑order
prescription is 25%.
Tier 5 – Specialty: Standard cost‑sharing: Standard cost‑sharing:
You pay 25% of the total cost. You pay 25% of the total cost.
You pay no more than $35 per You pay no more than $35 per
month supply of each covered month supply of each covered
insulin product on this tier. insulin product on this tier.
Your cost for a one‑month Your cost for a one‑month
(30‑day supply) mail‑order (30‑day supply) mail‑order
prescription is 25%. prescription is 25%.
Preferred cost‑sharing: Preferred cost‑sharing:
You pay 25% of the total cost. You pay 25% of the total cost.
You pay no more than $35 per You pay no more than $35 per
month supply of each covered month supply of each covered
insulin product on this tier. insulin product on this tier.
Your cost for a one‑month Your cost for a one‑month
(30‑day supply) mail‑order (30‑day supply) mail‑order
prescription is 25%. prescription is 25%.
Changes to the Catastrophic Coverage Stage
For specific information about your costs in the Catastrophic Coverage Stage, go to Chapter 6 Section 6
in your Evidence of Coverage.
SECTION 2 Administrative Changes

Aetna Medicare Signature (PPO) Annual Notice of Change for 2026 19
Description 2025 (this year) 2026 (next year)
Blood glucose monitors and In 2025, the preferred In 2026, the preferred
medical diabetic supplies manufacturer for blood glucose manufacturer for blood glucose
monitors and medical diabetic monitors and medical diabetic
supplies is OneTouch/LifeScan. supplies is Accu‑Chek/Roche and
Prior authorization may be TRUE/Trividia. Prior authorization
required for manufacturers other is required for manufacturers
than OneTouch/LifeScan. other than Accu‑Chek/Roche or
TRUE/Trividia.
Continuous glucose monitors In 2025, Dexcom and FreeStyle In 2026, Dexcom and FreeStyle
and sensors Libre continuous glucose monitors Libre continuous glucose monitors
and supplies are available at and sensors are available without
participating pharmacies. Your a prior authorization at network
provider must obtain authorization pharmacies with a history of
for a continuous glucose monitor. insulin usage in the past 6 months.
Sensors can be obtained without Prior authorization for monitors
prior authorization from the plan. and sensors may apply as well as
exception requests if exceeding
quantity limits that align to
Medicare coverage guidance.
In‑network non‑Medicare In 2025, for in‑network In 2026, for in‑network
covered eye exam network non‑Medicare covered eye exams non‑Medicare covered eye exams
change you can see any network provider. you must see an EyeMed provider.
Medicare Prescription The Medicare Prescription If you’re participating in the
Payment Plan Payment Plan is a payment option Medicare Prescription Payment
that began this year and can help Plan and stay in the same Part D
you manage your out‑of‑pocket plan, your participation will be
costs for drugs covered by our automatically renewed for 2026.
plan by spreading them across the
calendar year To learn more about this payment
(January‑December). You may be option, call us at 1‑833‑570‑6670
participating in this payment (TTY users call 711) or visit
option. Medicare.gov
SECTION 3 How to Change Plans
To stay in Aetna Medicare Signature (PPO), you don’t need to do anything. Unless you sign up for a
different plan or change to Original Medicare by December 7, you'll automatically be enrolled in our
Aetna Medicare Signature (PPO).
If you want to change plans for 2026, follow these steps:
• To change to a different Medicare health plan, enroll in the new plan. You'll be automatically
disenrolled from Aetna Medicare Signature (PPO).
• To change to Original Medicare with Medicare drug coverage, enroll in the new Medicare drug
plan. You'll be automatically disenrolled from Aetna Medicare Signature (PPO).
• To change to Original Medicare without a drug plan, you can send us a written request to
disenroll. Call Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users call 711) for more information on how
to do this. Or call Medicare at 1‑800‑MEDICARE (1‑800‑633‑4227) and ask to be disenrolled. TTY
users can call 1‑877‑486‑2048. If you don't enroll in a Medicare drug plan, you may pay a Part D late
enrollment penalty (go to Section 1.1).
• To learn more about Original Medicare and the different types of Medicare plans, visit

20 Aetna Medicare Signature (PPO) Annual Notice of Change for 2026
Medicare.gov, check the Medicare & You 2026 handbook, call your State Health Insurance
Assistance Program (go to Section 5), or call 1‑800‑MEDICARE (1‑800‑633‑4227). TTY users can
call 1‑877‑486‑2048.
Section 3.1 Deadlines for Changing Plans
People with Medicare can make changes to their coverage from October 15 – December 7 each year.
If you enrolled in a Medicare Advantage plan for January 1, 2026, and don’t like your plan choice, you can
switch to another Medicare health plan (with or without Medicare drug coverage) or switch to Original
Medicare (with or without separate Medicare drug coverage) between January 1 – March 31, 2026.
Section 3.2 Are there other times of the year to make a change?
In certain situations, people may have other chances to change their coverage during the year. Examples
include people who:
• Have Medicaid
• Get Extra Help paying for their drugs
• Have or are leaving employer coverage
• Move out of our plan's service area
If you recently moved into, or currently live in, an institution (like a skilled nursing facility or long‑term care
hospital), you can change your Medicare coverage at any time. You can change to any other Medicare
health plan (with or without Medicare drug coverage) or switch to Original Medicare (with or without
separate Medicare drug coverage) at any time. If you recently moved out of an institution, you have an
opportunity to switch plans or switch to Original Medicare for 2 full months after the month you move out.
SECTION 4 Get Help Paying for Prescription Drugs
You may qualify for help paying for prescription drugs. Different kinds of help are available:
• Extra Help from Medicare. People with limited incomes may qualify for Extra Help to pay for their
prescription drug costs. If you qualify, Medicare could pay up to 75% or more of your drug costs
including monthly drug plan premiums, yearly deductibles, and coinsurance. Also, people who
qualify won’t have a late enrollment penalty. To see if you qualify, call:
• 1‑800‑MEDICARE (1‑800‑633‑4227). TTY users can call 1‑877‑486‑2048, 24 hours a day, 7
days a week.
• Social Security at 1‑800‑772‑1213 between 8 a.m. and 7 p.m., Monday ‑ Friday for a
representative. Automated messages are available 24 hours a day. TTY users can
call 1‑800‑325‑0778.
• Your State Medicaid Office.
• Help from your state's pharmaceutical assistance program. Many states have a program called
the State Pharmaceutical Assistance Program (SPAP) that helps people pay for prescription drugs
based on their financial need, age, or medical condition. To learn more about the program, check
with your State Health Insurance Assistance Program (SHIP). To get the phone number for your
state, visit shiphelp.org, or call 1‑800‑MEDICARE (1‑800‑633‑4227).

Aetna Medicare Signature (PPO) Annual Notice of Change for 2026 21
State Pharmaceutical Assistance Program (SPAP)
Missouri Rx Plan (MORx), Address: PO Box 2700, Jefferson City, MO 65102, Phone:
1‑800‑375‑1406, 573‑751‑6963, TTY: 1‑800‑735‑2966 This number requires special
MO telephone equipment and is only for people who have difficulties with hearing or
speaking, Hours: Monday–Friday 6:00 AM to 6:00 PM, Website:
mydss.mo.gov/mhd/morx-general-faqs#:
• Prescription Cost‑sharing Assistance for Persons with HIV/AIDS. The AIDS Drug Assistance
Program (ADAP) helps ensure that ADAP‑eligible people living with HIV/AIDS have access to
life‑saving HIV medications. To be eligible for the ADAP operating in your state, you must meet
certain criteria, including proof of state residence and HIV status, low income as defined by the
state, and uninsured/under‑insured status. Medicare Part D drugs that are also covered by ADAP
qualify for prescription cost‑sharing help through the ADAP for your state. For information on
eligibility criteria, covered drugs, how to enroll in the program, or, if you're currently enrolled, how to
continue getting help, call the ADAP for your state. Be sure, when calling, to inform them of your
Medicare Part D plan name or policy number.
State AIDS Drug Assistance Programs (ADAP)
Missouri AIDS Drug Assistance Program, Address: Department of Health and Senior
Services, PO Box 570, Jefferson City, MO 65102, Phone: 573‑751‑6439,
MO
1‑888‑252‑8045, TTY: 711, Hours: Monday–Friday 8:00 AM to 5:00 PM, Website:
health.mo.gov/living/healthcondiseases/communicable/hivaids/casemgmt.php
• The Medicare Prescription Payment Plan. The Medicare Prescription Payment Plan is a payment
option that works with your current drug coverage to help you manage your out‑of‑pocket costs for
drugs covered by our plan by spreading them across the calendar year (January – December).
Anyone with a Medicare drug plan or Medicare health plan with drug coverage (like a Medicare
Advantage plan with drug coverage) can use this payment option. This payment option might help
you manage your expenses, but it doesn’t save you money or lower your drug costs.
Extra Help from Medicare and help from your SPAP and ADAP, for those who qualify, is more
advantageous than participation in the Medicare Prescription Payment Plan. All members are
eligible to participate in the Medicare Prescription Payment Plan. To learn more about this payment
option, call us at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY: 711) or visit Medicare.gov.

22 Aetna Medicare Signature (PPO) Annual Notice of Change for 2026
SECTION 5 Questions?
Get Help from Aetna Medicare Signature (PPO)
• Call Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670, (TTY users call 711).
We're available for phone calls 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. Calls to these numbers are free.
• Read your 2026 Evidence of Coverage
This Annual Notice of Change gives you a summary of changes in your benefits and costs for 2026.
For details, go to the 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Signature (PPO). The
Evidence of Coverage is the legal, detailed description of our plan benefits. It explains your rights
and the rules you need to follow to get covered services and prescription drugs. Get the Evidence
of Coverage on our website at AetnaMedicare.com/H1608-067 or call Member Services at
1‑833‑570‑6670, (TTY users call 711) to ask us to mail you a copy.
• Visit AetnaMedicare.com/findprovider/AetnaMedicare.com/findpharmacy
Our website has the most up‑to‑date information about our provider network (Provider Directory
/Pharmacy Directory) and our List of Covered Drugs (formulary/Drug List).
Get Free Counseling about Medicare
The State Health Insurance Assistance Program (SHIP) is an independent government program with
trained counselors in every state.
Call your state's SHIP to get free personalized health insurance counseling. They can help you understand
your Medicare plan choices and answer questions about switching plans. You can call SHIP at the phone
number below.
State Health Insurance Assistance Program (SHIP)
Missouri SHIP, Address: Department of Commerce & Insurance, 601 W. Nifong Blvd., Ste. A,
Columbia, MO 65203‑6804, Phone: 1‑800‑390‑3330, TTY: 1‑800‑735‑2966 This number
MO
requires special telephone equipment and is only for people who have difficulties with hearing
or speaking, Hours: Monday–Friday 9:00 AM to 4:00 PM, Website: missouriship.org
Get Help from Medicare
• Call 1‑800‑MEDICARE (1‑800‑633‑4227)
You can call 1‑800‑MEDICARE (1‑800‑633‑4227), 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. TTY users can call
1‑877‑486‑2048.
• Chat live with Medicare.gov
You can chat live at www.Medicare.gov/talk-to-someone.
• Write to Medicare
You can write to Medicare at PO Box 1270, Lawrence, KS 66044

Aetna Medicare Signature (PPO) Annual Notice of Change for 2026 23
• Visit Medicare.gov
The official Medicare website has information about cost, coverage, and quality Star Ratings to help
you compare Medicare health plans in your area.
• Read Medicare & You 2026
The Medicare & You 2026 handbook is mailed to people with Medicare every fall. It has a summary
of Medicare benefits, rights and protections, and answers to the most frequently asked questions
about Medicare. Get a copy at Medicare.gov or by calling 1‑800‑MEDICARE (1‑800‑633‑4227). TTY
users can call 1‑877‑486‑2048.

Discrimination is Against the Law
Aetna Inc. complies with applicable Federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, national origin, age, disability, or sex (consistent with 45 CFR § 92.101(a)(2)). Aetna Inc. does not
exclude people or treat them less favorably because of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex.
Aetna Inc.
• Provides people with disabilities reasonable modifications and free appropriate auxiliary aids and
services to communicate effectively with us, such as:
Qualified sign language interpreters
○
Written information in other formats (large print, audio, accessible electronic formats, other
○
formats).
• Provides free language assistance services to people whose primary language is not English, which
may include:
Qualified interpreters
○
Information written in other languages.
○
If you need reasonable modifications, appropriate auxiliary aids and services, or language assistance
services, contact 1‑833‑220‑0349 (TTY: 711).
If you believe that Aetna Inc. has failed to provide these services or discriminated in another way on the
basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex, you can file a grievance with:
Civil Rights Coordinator
Attn: 1557 Coordinator
CVS Pharmacy, Inc.
1 CVS Drive, MC 2332,
Woonsocket, RI 02895
1‑833‑220‑0349 (TTY: 711)
Email: Coordinator1557@cvshealth.com
You can file a grievance in person or by mail, phone, or email. If you need help filing a grievance, the Civil
Rights Coordinator is available to help you.
You can also file a civil rights complaint with the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Office for
Civil Rights, electronically through the Office for Civil Rights Complaint Portal, available at
https://ocrportal.hhs.gov/ocr/portal/lobby.jsf, or by mail or phone at:
U.S. Department of Health and Human Services
200 Independence Avenue, SW
Room 509F, HHH Building
Washington, D.C. 20201
1‑800‑368‑1019, 800‑537‑7697 (TDD)
Complaint forms are available at http://www.hhs.gov/ocr/office/file/index.html.
This notice is available at Aetna Inc.’s website: https://www.aetna.com/medicare
Y0001_H6399_H1610_NDN_2025

How we guard your privacy
What personal information is — and what it isn’t
By “personal information,” we mean information that can be used to identify you. It can include financial
and health information. It doesn’t include what the public can easily see. For example, anyone can look at
what your plan covers.
How we get information about you
We get information about you from many sources, including you. We also get information from your
employer, other insurers, or health care providers like doctors.
When information is wrong
Do you think there’s something wrong or missing in your personal information? You can ask us to change
it. The law says we must do this in a timely way. If we disagree with your change, you can file an appeal.
Information on how to file an appeal is on our member website. Or you can call the toll‑free number on
your ID card.
How we use this information
When the law allows us, we use your personal information both inside and outside our company. The law
says we don’t need to get your OK when we do. We may use it for your health care or use it to run our
plans. We also may use your information when we pay claims or work with other insurers to pay claims.
We may use it to make plan decisions, to do audits, or to study the quality of our work. This means we may
share your information with doctors, dentists, pharmacies, hospitals or other caregivers. We also may
share it with other insurers, vendors, government offices, or third‑party administrators. But by law, all
these parties must keep your information private.
When we need your permission
There are times when we do need your permission to disclose personal information. This is explained in
our Notice of Privacy Practices, which took effect October 10, 2020. This notice clarifies how we use or
disclose your Protected Health Information (PHI):
• For workers’ compensation purposes
• As required by law
• About people who have died
• For organ donation
• To fulfill our obligations for individual access and HIPAA compliance and enforcement
To get a copy of this notice, just visit our member website or call the toll‑free number on your ID card.

Notice of Availability (NOA)
TTY: 711
To access language services at no cost to you, call the number on your ID card. (English)
እርስዎ ወጪ ሳያወጡ የቋንቋ አገልግሎቶችን ለመድረስ በመታወቂያ ካርድዎ (ID) ላይ ወዳለው ቁጥር ይደውሉ።
(Amharic)
.ﻚب ةﺻاﺨلا ةيﻮﻀعلا ةﻗاﻄب ﻰلﻋ دﻮجﻮﻤلا ﻢﻗﺮلاب ﻞﺼتا ،اًناﺠم ةغللا تامﺪﺧ ﻰلﻋ لﻮﺼ (Arabic)
如欲使用免費語言服務，請致電您 ID 卡上的電話號碼。 (Chinese)
Tajaajila afaanii bilisaan argachuuf, lakkoofsa Waraqaa Eenyummeessaa (ID) keessan irra jiru
irratti bilbilaa. (Cushite)
Pour accéder gratuitement aux services linguistiques, appelez le numéro figurant sur votre carte
d’identité. (French)
Pou w jwenn aksè ak sèvis lang gratis pou ou, rele nimewo ki sou kat idantite w la. (French
Creole)
Um kostenlos auf Sprachdienste zuzugreifen, rufen Sie die Nummer auf Ihrem Ausweis an.
(German)
Inā ake ʻoe e ili mai no ke kōkua manuahi me ka unuhi, e kelepona ʻoe i ka helu ma kou kāleka ID.
(Hawaiian)
Kom tau txais cov kev pab cuam txhais lus yam tsis sau nqi ntawm koj, thov hu rau tus xov tooj
nyob ntawm koj daim npav ID. (Hmong)
Per accedere gratuitamente ai servizi linguistici, chiama il numero riportato sul tuo tesserino
identificativo. (Italian)
無料の言語サービスをご利用いただくには、ご自身のIDカードに記載されている番号 にお電話くだ
さい。 (Japanese)
လၢကမၤနၢ့ ်ကျ ာိ်တၢ မ် ၤစၢၤတၢ မ် ၤ လၢတလၣိ ်လၢာ်ဘၣူ ်လၢာ်စၤ့ လၢနဂီၢ အ် ဂီၢ,် ကးိ နၣီ ်ဂံၢ လၢအအၣိ ် ဖဲန ID အဖီခၣိ ်န ၣ့်
တကၢ့ .် (Karen)
무료로 언어 서비스를 이용하려면 ID 카드에 적힌 전화번호로 전화하세요. (Korean)
ເ ືພ່ ອເ ົ ້ຂາເ ິຖງການບໍ ິລການພາສາໂດຍບ ເສຍຄ່ າໃ ້ຊຈ່ າຍໃດໆແກ່ ທ ່ ານ, ໃຫ້ ໂທຫາເ ີບ ີທ ່ ູ ່ຢໃນ ັບດປະ ໍຈາ ົຕວຂອງທ.
(Laotian)
េេដើម ីទទួល េនស ែផ ក េ យមិនគិៃតថ ពីអ កសូមទូរសព េ េលែខដល េន េេលើ តស ល់ខ នរបស់អ ក។
(Mon‑Khmer, Cambodian)
سامت دوﺧ ﯽياﺳانﺷ تراﮐ یور هدﺷ ديﻗ هرامﺷ اب ،ناﮕيار روط ﮫب نابز تامدﺧ ﮫب ﯽﺳرتﺳد یارب (Persian farsi)
ديريﮕب
Aby uzyskać bezpłatny dostęp do usług językowych, zadzwoń pod numer podany na karcie ID.
(Polish)
Ligue para o número que está no seu cartão de identificação para receber assistência linguística
gratuita. (Portuguese)

Чтобы получить бесплатные языковые услуги, позвоните по номеру телефона, указанному на
вашей идентификационной карте. (Russian)
Para acceder a servicios de idiomas sin costo alguno, llame al número que figura en su tarjeta
de identificación. (Spanish)
Upang ma‑access ang mga serbisyo sa wika nang wala kang babayaran, tawagan ang numero
sa iyong ID card. (Tagalog)
Để truy cập dịch vụ ngôn ngữ miễn phí, hãy gọi đến số điện thoại trên thẻ ID của quý vị.
(Vietnamese)
Y0001_Y0130_H6399_2025_V1

Aetna Medicare Signature (PPO)
You can view your 2026 plan
benefit information online
This notice is to help you find important plan information. All information will be available
online by October 15, 2025.
Where to look
View your plan information
AetnaMedicare.com/H1608-067
online by visiting:
También puede ver este sitio
es.AetnaMedicare.com/H1608-067
web en español. Visite
What to look for
You can learn more about your plan benefits, programs and services online.
Evidence of Coverage (EOC) A complete description of your plan’s coverage.
For a printed copy call 1‑866‑246‑8031 (TTY: 711)
List of covered drugs A list of drugs your plan covers. It has the drug’s tier level, as well as any
(formulary) special requirements, such as prior authorization, quantity limits or step
therapy.
For a printed copy call 1‑866‑246‑8031 (TTY: 711)
Provider directory You can find a doctor near you by using our online search directory.
For a printed copy call 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days
a week
Pharmacy directory You can find a pharmacy near you by using our online search directory.
For a printed copy call 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days
a week
Participating health care providers are independent contractors and are neither agents nor employees of
Aetna. The availability of any particular provider cannot be guaranteed, and provider network composition
is subject to change. The formulary and/or pharmacy network may change at any time. You will receive
notice when necessary.
Due to legislation in Arkansas, effective January 1, 2026, you may not be able to utilize the following
services within the state of Arkansas, unless a court takes action: CVS Retail, CVS Caremark Mail Service,
CVS Specialty, and OMNI Care long term pharmacies.

Y0001_H1608_067_PP26_PDN2026_C © 2025 Aetna Inc.
Y0001_3737453_2025_C 20250820
1107142‑02‑03

Aetna Medicare Signature (PPO) Member Services
Method Member Services – Contact Information
1‑833‑570‑6670
Calls to this number are free.
CALL Hours of operation are 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week.
Member Services also has free language interpreter services available
for non‑English speakers.
711
TTY Calls to this number are free.
Hours of operation are 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week.
Aetna Medicare
WRITE PO Box 14088
Lexington, KY 40512
Go to AetnaMedicare.com/H1608-067 or
WEBSITE scan this code with your smartphone to
visit our website.
20250820