January 1 – December 31, 2026
Evidence of Coverage for 2026:
Your Medicare Health Benefits and Services and Drug Coverage as a Member of Aetna Medicare Dual
(HMO D‑SNP)
This document gives the details of your Medicare health and drug coverage from January 1 – December
31, 2026. This is an important legal document. Keep it in a safe place.
This document explains your benefits and rights. Use this document to understand:
• Our plan premium and cost sharing
• Our medical and drug benefits
• How to file a complaint if you're not satisfied with a service or treatment
• How to contact us
• Other protections required by Medicare law
For questions about this document, call Member Services at 1‑866‑409‑1221 or the number on your
member ID card for additional information. (TTY users call 711.) Hours are 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a
week. This call is free.
This plan, Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D‑SNP), is offered by COVENTRY HEALTH CARE OF KANSAS, INC.
(When this Evidence of Coverage says “we,” “us,” or “our,” it means COVENTRY HEALTH CARE OF
KANSAS, INC. When it says “plan” or “our plan,” it means Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D‑SNP).)
This document is available for free in Spanish. Este documento está disponible de forma gratuita en
español.
This document is available for free in other formats such as braille, large print or other alternate formats
upon request.
Benefits, premiums, deductibles, and/or copayments/coinsurance may change on January 1, 2027.
Our formulary, pharmacy network, and/or provider network can change at any time. You’ll get notice
about any changes that can affect you at least 30 days in advance.
Due to legislation in Arkansas, effective January 1, 2026, you may not be able to utilize the following
services within the state of Arkansas, unless a court takes action: CVS Retail, CVS Caremark Mail Service,
CVS Specialty, and OMNI Care long term pharmacies.
Y0001_H5325_004_DS63_EOC2026_C
OMB Approval 0938-1051 (Expires: August 31, 2026)

2 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Table of Contents
Table of Contents
Chapter 1: Get started as a member 5
SECTION 1 You’re a member of Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D‑SNP) 5
SECTION 2 Plan eligibility requirements 6
SECTION 3 Important membership materials 7
SECTION 4 Summary of Important Costs for 2026 9
SECTION 5 More information about your monthly plan premium 13
SECTION 6 Keep our plan membership record up to date 13
SECTION 7 How other insurance works with our plan 13
Chapter 2: Phone numbers and resources 15
SECTION 1 Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D‑SNP) contacts 15
SECTION 2 Get help from Medicare 20
SECTION 3 State Health Insurance Assistance Program (SHIP) 20
SECTION 4 Quality Improvement Organization (QIO) 21
SECTION 5 Social Security 21
SECTION 6 Medicaid 22
SECTION 7 Programs to help people pay for prescription drugs 22
SECTION 8 Railroad Retirement Board (RRB) 24
Chapter 3: Using our plan for your medical and other covered services 25
SECTION 1 How to get medical care and other services as a member of our plan 25
SECTION 2 Use providers in our plan’s network to get medical care and other services 26
SECTION 3 How to get services in an emergency, disaster, or urgent need for care 29
SECTION 4 What if you're billed directly for the full cost of covered services? 31
SECTION 5 Medical services in a clinical research study 31
SECTION 6 Rules for getting care in a religious non‑medical health care institution 32
SECTION 7 Rules for ownership of durable medical equipment 33
Chapter 4: Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered) 35
SECTION 1 Understanding covered services 35
SECTION 2 The Medical Benefits Chart shows your medical benefits 35
SECTION 3 Services covered outside of Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D‑SNP) 108
SECTION 4 Services that aren't covered by our plan (exclusions) 108
Chapter 5: Using plan coverage for Part D drugs 112
SECTION 1 Basic rules for our plan’s Part D drug coverage 112
SECTION 2 Fill your prescription at a network pharmacy or through our plan’s
mail‑order service 112
SECTION 3 Your drugs need to be on our plan’s Drug List 115
SECTION 4 Drugs with restrictions on coverage 116
SECTION 5 What you can do if one of your drugs isn’t covered the way you’d like 117
SECTION 6 Our Drug List can change during the year 119
SECTION 7 Types of drugs we don't cover 120
SECTION 8 How to fill a prescription 121
SECTION 9 Part D drug coverage in special situations 121
SECTION 10 Programs on drug safety and managing medications 122
CHAPTER 6: What you pay for Part D drugs 125

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 3
Table of Contents
SECTION 1 What you pay for Part D drugs 125
SECTION 2 Drug payment stages for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D‑SNP) members 126
SECTION 3 Your Part D Explanation of Benefits (EOB) explains which payment stage
you're in 127
SECTION 4 The Deductible Stage 128
SECTION 5 The Initial Coverage Stage 128
SECTION 6 The Catastrophic Coverage Stage 132
SECTION 7 What you pay for Part D vaccines 132
Chapter 7: Asking us to pay our share of a bill for covered medical services or
drugs 134
SECTION 1 Situations when you should ask us to pay our share for covered services or
drugs 134
SECTION 2 How to ask us to pay you back or pay a bill you got 135
SECTION 3 We’ll consider your request for payment and say yes or no 136
Chapter 8: Your rights and responsibilities 137
SECTION 1 Our plan must honor your rights and cultural sensitivities 137
SECTION 2 Your responsibilities as a member of our plan 141
Chapter 9: If you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals,
complaints) 143
SECTION 1 What to do if you have a problem or concern 143
SECTION 2 Where to get more information and personalized help 143
SECTION 3 Which process to use for your problem 144
SECTION 4 Handling problems about your Medicare benefits 144
SECTION 5 A guide to coverage decisions and appeals 144
SECTION 6 Medical care: How to ask for a coverage decision or make an appeal 146
SECTION 7 Part D drugs: How to ask for a coverage decision or make an appeal 152
SECTION 8 How to ask us to cover a longer inpatient hospital stay if you think you're
being discharged too soon 158
SECTION 9 How to ask us to keep covering certain medical services if you think your
coverage is ending too soon 162
SECTION 10 Taking your appeal to Level 3, 4 and 5 164
SECTION 11 How to make a complaint about quality of care, waiting times, customer
service, or other concerns 166
SECTION 12 Handling problems about your Medicaid benefits 169
Chapter 10: Ending membership in our plan 170
SECTION 1 Ending your membership in our plan 170
SECTION 2 When can you end your membership in our plan? 170
SECTION 3 How to end your membership in our plan? 172
SECTION 4 Until your membership ends, you must keep getting your medical items,
services and drugs through our plan 173
SECTION 5 Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D‑SNP) must end our plan membership in
certain situations 173
Chapter 11: Legal notices 175
SECTION 1 Notice about governing law 175
SECTION 2 Notice about nondiscrimination 175

4 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Table of Contents
SECTION 3 Notice about Medicare Secondary Payer subrogation rights 175
SECTION 4 Notice about recovery of overpayments 177
SECTION 5 National Coverage Determinations 177
Chapter 12: Definitions 178
APPENDIX A: Important contact information 187

Chapter 1:
Get started as a member
SECTION 1 You’re a member of Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D‑SNP)
Section 1.1 You’re enrolled in Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D‑SNP), which is a Medicare
Special Needs Plan
You’re covered by both Medicare and Medicaid:
• Medicare is the federal health insurance program for people 65 years of age or older, some people
under age 65 with certain disabilities, and people with end‑stage renal disease (kidney failure).
• Medicaid is a joint federal and state government program that helps with medical costs for certain
people with limited incomes and resources. Medicaid coverage varies depending on the state and
the type of Medicaid you have. Some people with Medicaid get help paying for their Medicare
premiums and other costs. Other people also get coverage for additional services and drugs that
aren’t covered by Medicare.
You’ve chosen to get your Medicare health care and your drug coverage through our plan, Aetna
Medicare Dual (HMO D‑SNP). Our plan covers all Part A and Part B services. However, cost sharing and
provider access in our plan differ from Original Medicare.
Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D‑SNP) is a specialized Medicare Advantage Plan (a Medicare Special Needs
Plan), which means benefits are designed for people with special health care needs. Aetna Medicare Dual
(HMO D‑SNP) is designed for people who have Medicare and are entitled to help from Medicaid.
Because you get help from Medicaid with Medicare Part A and B cost sharing (deductibles, copayments,
and coinsurance) you may pay nothing for your Medicare services. Medicaid may also provide other
benefits by covering health care services or prescription drugs that aren’t usually covered under
Medicare. You’ll also get Extra Help from Medicare to pay for the costs of your Medicare drugs. Aetna
Medicare Dual (HMO D‑SNP) will help you manage all these benefits, so you get the health services and
payment help that you’re entitled to.
Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D‑SNP) is run by a private company. Like all Medicare Advantage Plans, this
Medicare Special Needs Plan is approved by Medicare. Our plan also has a contract with the MO
HealthNet to coordinate your Medicaid benefits. We're pleased to provide your Medicare coverage,
including drug coverage.
Section 1.2 Legal information about the Evidence of Coverage
This Evidence of Coverage is part of our contract with you about how Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D‑SNP)
covers your care. Other parts of this contract include your enrollment form, the List of Covered Drugs
(formulary), and any notices you get from us about changes to your coverage or conditions that affect
your coverage. These notices are sometimes called riders or amendments.
The contract is in effect for the months you’re enrolled in Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D‑SNP) between
January 1, 2026 and December 31, 2026.
Medicare allows us to make changes to our plans we offer each calendar year. This means we can change
the costs and benefits of Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D‑SNP) after December 31, 2026. We can also
choose to stop offering our plan in your service area, after December 31, 2026.
Medicare (the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services) and MO HealthNet must approve Aetna
Medicare Dual (HMO D‑SNP). You can continue each year to get Medicare coverage as a member of our

6 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 1. Get started as a member
plan as long as we choose to continue offering our plan and Medicare and MO HealthNet renews approval
of our plan.
SECTION 2 Plan eligibility requirements
Section 2.1 Eligibility requirements
You’re eligible for membership in our plan as long as you meet all these conditions:
• You have both Medicare Part A and Medicare Part B
• You live in our geographic service area (described in Section 2.3). People who are incarcerated
aren’t considered to be living in the geographic service area, even if they’re physically located in it.
• You’re a United States citizen or lawfully present in the United States
• You meet the special eligibility requirements described below.
Special eligibility requirements for our plan
Our plan is designed to meet the needs of people who get certain Medicaid benefits. (Medicaid is a joint
federal and state government program that helps with medical costs for certain people with limited
incomes and resources). To be eligible for our plan you must belong to one of the following Medicaid
eligibility categories: QMB, QMB+, SLMB+, and FBDE.
Note: If you lose your eligibility but can reasonably be expected to regain eligibility within 6 months, then
you’re still eligible for membership. Chapter 4, Section 2 tells you about coverage and cost sharing during
a period of deemed continued eligibility.
Section 2.2 Medicaid
Medicaid is a joint federal and state government program that helps with medical and long‑term care
costs for certain people who have limited incomes and resources. Each state decides what counts as
income and resources, who’s eligible, what services are covered, and the cost for services. States also can
decide how to run its program as long as they follow the federal guidelines.
In addition, Medicaid offers programs to help people pay their Medicare costs, such as their Medicare
premiums. These Medicare Savings Programs help people with limited income and resources save money
each year:
• Qualified Medicare Beneficiary (QMB): Helps pay Medicare Part A and Part B premiums, and other
cost sharing (like deductibles, coinsurance, and copayments). (Some people with QMB are also
eligible for full Medicaid benefits (QMB+).)
• Qualified Medicare Beneficiary Plus (QMB+): Helps pay Medicare Part A and Part B premiums,
and other cost sharing (like deductibles, coinsurance, and copayments). You are also eligible for full
Medicaid benefits from your state Medicaid program.
• Specified Low‑Income Medicare Beneficiary Plus (SLMB+): Helps pay Medicare Part B premiums
and possibly part A. Medicaid may cover some of your Medicare cost sharing for medical services,
depending on your state’s Medicaid program. You are eligible for full Medicaid.
• Full Benefit Dual Eligible (FBDE): Medicaid may cover some of your Medicare cost sharing for
medical services, depending on your state’s Medicaid program. You are eligible for full Medicaid.
A “Full Benefit Dual Eligible” is a person who:
• Has Medicare
• Has full Medicaid. Medicaid is a program offered to people that meet income and asset
qualifications.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 7
Chapter 1. Get started as a member
• Does not qualify for the Medicare Savings Program (QMB, SLMB, QI, QDWI).
Some individuals can also qualify for Medicaid for other reasons, like being disabled or having SSI. For
people that have Medicare, Medicaid may pay some or all of:
• Monthly Medicare premiums for Part A and Part B
Section 2.3 Plan service area for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D‑SNP)
Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D‑SNP) is only available to people who live in our plan service area. To stay a
member of our plan, you must continue to live in our plan service area. The service area is described
below.
Our service area includes these counties in:
Missouri: Barry, Barton, Cedar, Christian, Dade, Dallas, Douglas, Greene, Hickory, Jasper, Laclede,
Lawrence, McDonald, Newton, Ozark, Polk, St. Clair, Stone, Taney, Webster, Wright.
If you plan to move to a new state, you should also contact your state’s Medicaid office and ask how this
move will affect your Medicaid benefits. Phone numbers for Medicaid are in Appendix A at the back of this
document.
If you move out of our plan’s service area, you can’t stay a member of this plan. Call Member Services at
1‑866‑409‑1221 (TTY users call 711) to see if we have a plan in your new area. When you move, you’ll have
a Special Enrollment Period to either switch to Original Medicare or enroll in a Medicare health or drug
plan in your new location.
If you move or change your mailing address, it's also important to call Social Security. Call Social Security
at 1‑800‑772‑1213 (TTY users call 1‑800‑325‑0778).
Section 2.4 U.S. citizen or lawful presence
You must be a U.S. citizen or lawfully present in the United States to be a member of a Medicare health
plan. Medicare (the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services) will notify Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO
D‑SNP) if you’re not eligible to stay a member of our plan on this basis. Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D‑SNP)
must disenroll you if you don’t meet this requirement.
SECTION 3 Important membership materials
Section 3.1 Our plan membership card
Use your membership card whenever you get services covered by our plan and for prescription drugs you
get at network pharmacies. You should also show the provider your Medicaid card. Sample plan
membership card:

8 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 1. Get started as a member
DON’T use your red, white, and blue Medicare card for covered medical services while you’re a member
of this plan. If you use your Medicare card instead of your Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D‑SNP)
membership card, you may have to pay the full cost of medical services yourself. Keep your Medicare
card in a safe place. You may be asked to show it if you need hospital services, hospice services, or
participate in Medicare approved clinical research studies (also called clinical trials).
If our plan membership card is damaged, lost, or stolen, call Member Services at 1‑866‑409‑1221 (TTY
users call 711) right away and we’ll send you a new card.
Section 3.2 Provider & Pharmacy Directory
The Provider & Pharmacy Directory (AetnaMedicare.com/findprovider and
AetnaMedicare.com/findpharmacy) lists our current network providers, durable medical equipment
suppliers, and network pharmacies. Network providers are the doctors and other health care
professionals, medical groups, durable medical equipment suppliers, hospitals, and other health care
facilities that have an agreement with us to accept our payment and any plan cost sharing as payment in
full.
You must use network providers to get your medical care and services. If you go elsewhere without proper
authorization, you’ll have to pay in full. The only exceptions are emergencies, urgently needed services
when the network isn’t available (that is, situations when it’s unreasonable or not possible to get services
in‑network), out‑of‑area dialysis services, and cases when Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D‑SNP) authorizes
use of out‑of‑network providers.
Network pharmacies are pharmacies that agree to fill covered prescriptions for our plan members. Use
the Provider & Pharmacy Directory to find the network pharmacy that you want to use. Go to Chapter 5,
Section 2.4 for information on when you can use pharmacies that aren’t in our plan’s network.
If you don’t have a Provider & Pharmacy Directory, you can ask for a copy (electronically or in paper form)
from Member Services at 1‑866‑409‑1221 (TTY users call 711). Requested paper Provider Directories will
be mailed to you within 3 business days. You can also find this information on our website at
AetnaMedicare.com/findprovider.
Section 3.3 Drug List (formulary)
Our plan has a List of Covered Drugs (also called the Drug List or formulary). It tells which prescription
drugs are covered under the Part D benefit in Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D‑SNP). The drugs on this list
are selected by our plan, with the help of doctors and pharmacists. The Drug List must meet Medicare’s
requirements. Drugs with negotiated prices under the Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program will be
included on your Drug List unless they have been removed and replaced as described in Chapter 5,

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 9
Chapter 1. Get started as a member
Section 6. Medicare approved the Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D‑SNP) Drug List.
The Drug List also tells if there are any rules that restrict coverage for a drug.
We’ll give you a copy of the Drug List. To get the most complete and current information about which
drugs are covered, visit AetnaMedicare.com/formulary or call Member Services at 1‑866‑409‑1221 (TTY
users call 711).
SECTION 4 Summary of Important Costs for 2026
Your costs in 2026
Monthly plan premium* $0
*Your premium can be higher than this amount. Go
to Section 4.1 for details.
Maximum out‑of‑pocket amount $9,250
This is the most you’ll pay out‑of‑pocket for
covered services. You are not responsible for paying any
(Go to Chapter 4 Section 1.2 for details.) out‑of‑pocket costs toward the maximum
out‑of‑pocket amount for covered Part A and Part
B services.
Primary care office visits $0
Specialist office visits $0
Inpatient hospital stays There is no coinsurance, copayment, or deductible
for covered inpatient hospital care.
Part D drug coverage deductible If you qualify for Extra Help from Medicare to
(Go to Chapter 6 Section 4 for details.) help pay for your prescription drugs, you pay:
$0
If you don't qualify for Extra Help from Medicare
to help pay for your prescription drugs, you pay:
$615 (Tiers 3–5) except for covered insulin
products and most adult Part D vaccines.

10 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 1. Get started as a member
Your costs in 2026
Part D drug coverage Copayment/Coinsurance during the Initial
(Go to Chapter 6 for details, including Yearly Coverage Stage:
Deductible, Initial Coverage, and Catastrophic
Coverage Stages.) If you qualify for Extra Help from Medicare to
help pay for your prescription drugs, you pay:
For covered generic drugs (including brand drugs
treated as generic), either $0 or $1.60 or $5.10 per
prescription
All other drugs: either $0 or $4.90 or $12.65 per
prescription
If you don't qualify for Extra Help from Medicare
to help pay for your prescription drugs, you pay:
Drug Tier 1: You pay $0 per prescription.
Drug Tier 2: You pay $0 per prescription.
Drug Tier 3: You pay 22% of the total cost.
You pay no more than $35 per month supply of
each covered insulin product on this tier.
Drug Tier 4: You pay 25% of the total cost.
You pay no more than $35 per month supply of
each covered insulin product on this tier.
Drug Tier 5: You pay 25% of the total cost.
You pay no more than $35 per month supply of
each covered insulin product on this tier.
Catastrophic Coverage Stage:
• During this payment stage, you pay nothing
for your covered Part D drugs.
Your costs may include the following:
• Plan Premium (Section 4.1)
• Monthly Medicare Part B Premium (Section 4.2)
• Part D Late Enrollment Penalty (Section 4.3)
• Income Related Monthly Adjusted Amount (Section 4.4)
• Medicare Prescription Payment Plan Amount (Section 4.5)
Section 4.1 Plan Premium

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 11
Chapter 1. Get started as a member
You don’t pay a separate monthly plan premium for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D‑SNP).
If you already get help from one of these programs, the information about premiums in this Evidence of
Coverage may not apply to you. We sent you a separate document, called the Evidence of Coverage
Rider for People Who Get Extra Help Paying for Prescription Drugs (also known as the Low Income Subsidy
Rider or the LIS Rider), which tells you about your drug coverage. If you don’t have this document, call
Member Services at 1‑866‑409‑1221 (TTY users call 711) and ask for the LIS Rider.
Section 4.2 Monthly Medicare Part B Premium
Many members are required to pay other Medicare premiums
Some members are required to pay other Medicare premiums. As explained in Section 2 above to be
eligible for our plan, you must maintain your eligibility for Medicaid as well as have both Medicare Part A
and Medicare Part B. For most Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D‑SNP) members, Medicaid pays your Part A
premium (if you don’t qualify for it automatically) and Part B premium.
If Medicaid isn't paying your Medicare premiums for you, you must continue to pay your Medicare
premiums to stay a member of our plan. This includes your premium for Part B. You may also pay a
premium for Part A if you aren’t eligible for premium‑free Part A.
Section 4.3 Part D Late Enrollment Penalty
Because you're dually‑eligible, the LEP doesn’t apply as long as you maintain your dually‑eligible status,
but if you lose your dually‑eligible status, you may incur an LEP. The Part D late enrollment penalty is an
additional premium that must be paid for Part D coverage if at any time after your initial enrollment period
is over, there was a period of 63 days or more in a row when you didn’t have Part D or other creditable
drug coverage. Creditable prescription drug coverage is coverage that meets Medicare’s minimum
standards since it is expected to pay, on average, at least as much as Medicare’s standard drug coverage.
The cost of the late enrollment penalty depends on how long you went without Part D or other creditable
drug coverage. You’ll have to pay this penalty for as long as you have Part D coverage.
You don't have to pay the Part D late enrollment penalty if:
• You get Extra Help from Medicare to help pay for your drug costs.
• You went less than 63 days in a row without creditable coverage.
• You had creditable drug coverage through another source (like a former employer, union, TRICARE,
or Veterans Health Administration (VA)). Your insurer or human resources department will tell you
each year if your drug coverage is creditable coverage. You may get this information in a letter or a
newsletter from that plan. Keep this information, because you may need it if you join a Medicare
drug plan later.
Note: Any letter or notice must state that you had creditable prescription drug coverage that’s
○
expected to pay as much as Medicare’s standard drug plan pays.
Note: Prescription drug discount cards, free clinics, and drug discount websites aren’t
○
creditable prescription drug coverage.
Medicare determines the amount of the Part D late enrollment penalty. Here’s how it works:
• First, count the number of full months that you delayed enrolling in a Medicare drug plan, after you
were eligible to enroll. Or count the number of full months you did not have creditable drug
coverage, if the break in coverage was 63 days or more. The penalty is 1% for every month that you
didn’t have creditable coverage. For example, if you go 14 months without coverage, the penalty
percentage will be 14%.

12 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 1. Get started as a member
• Then Medicare determines the amount of the average monthly plan premium for Medicare drug
plans in the nation from the previous year (national base beneficiary premium). For 2026, this
average premium amount is $38.99.
• To calculate your monthly penalty, multiply the penalty percentage by the national base beneficiary
premium and round to the nearest 10 cents. In the example here, it would be 14% times $38.99,
which equals $5.46. This rounds to $5.50. This amount would be added to the monthly plan
premium for someone with a Part D late enrollment penalty.
Three important things to know about the monthly Part D late enrollment penalty:
• The penalty may change each year because the national base beneficiary premium can change
each year.
• You’ll continue to pay a penalty every month for as long as you’re enrolled in a plan that has
Medicare Part D drug benefits, even if you change plans.
• If you’re under 65 and enrolled in Medicare, the Part D late enrollment penalty will reset when you
turn 65. After age 65, your Part D late enrollment penalty will be based only on the months you don’t
have coverage after your initial enrollment period for aging into Medicare.
If you disagree about your Part D late enrollment penalty, you or your representative can ask for a
review. Generally, you must ask for this review within 60 days from the date on the first letter you get
stating you have to pay a late enrollment penalty. However, if you were paying a penalty before you joined
our plan, you may not have another chance to ask for a review of that late enrollment penalty.
Section 4.4 Income Related Monthly Adjustment Amount
If you lose eligibility for this plan because of changes in income, some members may be required to pay an
extra charge for their Medicare plan, known as the Part D Income Related Monthly Adjustment Amount
(IRMAA). The extra charge is calculated using your modified adjusted gross income as reported on your
IRS tax return from 2 years ago. If this amount is above a certain amount, you’ll pay the standard premium
amount and the additional IRMAA. For more information on the extra amount you may have to pay based
on your income, visit www.Medicare.gov/health-drug-plans/part-d/basics/costs.
If you have to pay an extra IRMAA, Social Security, not your Medicare plan, will send you a letter telling you
what that extra amount will be. The extra amount will be withheld from your Social Security, Railroad
Retirement Board, or Office of Personnel Management benefit check, no matter how you usually pay our
plan premium, unless your monthly benefit isn’t enough to cover the extra amount owed. If your benefit
check isn’t enough to cover the extra amount, you’ll get a bill from Medicare. You must pay the extra
IRMAA to the government. It can’t be paid with your monthly plan premium. If you don’t pay the extra
IRMAA, you’ll be disenrolled from our plan and lose prescription drug coverage.
If you disagree about paying an extra IRMAA, you can ask Social Security to review the decision. To find
out how to do this, call Social Security at 1‑800‑772‑1213 (TTY users call 1‑800‑325‑0778).
Section 4.5 Medicare Prescription Payment Plan Amount
If you’re participating in the Medicare Prescription Payment Plan, each month you’ll pay our plan premium
(if you have one) and you’ll get a bill from your health or drug plan for your prescription drugs (instead of
paying the pharmacy). Your monthly bill is based on what you owe for any prescriptions you get, plus your
previous month’s balance, divided by the number of months left in the year.
Chapter 2, Section 7 tells more about the Medicare Prescription Payment Plan. If you disagree with the
amount billed as part of this payment option, you can follow the steps in Chapter 9 to make a complaint or
appeal.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 13
Chapter 1. Get started as a member
SECTION 5 More information about your monthly plan premium
Section 5.1 Our monthly plan premium won’t change during the year
We’re not allowed to change our plan’s monthly plan premium amount during the year. If the monthly plan
premium changes for next year, we’ll tell you in September and the new premium will take effect on
January 1.
However, in some cases, you may be able to stop paying a late enrollment penalty, if you owe one, or you
may need to start paying a late enrollment penalty. This could happen if you become eligible for Extra Help
or lose your eligibility for Extra Help during the year.
• If you currently pay a Part D late enrollment penalty and become eligible for Extra Help during the
year, you’d be able to stop paying your penalty.
• If you lose Extra Help, you may be subject to the Part D late enrollment penalty if you go 63 days or
more in a row without Part D or other creditable drug coverage.
Find out more about Extra Help in Chapter 2, Section 7.
SECTION 6 Keep our plan membership record up to date
Your membership record has information from your enrollment form, including your address and phone
number. It shows your specific plan coverage including your Primary Care Provider/Medical Group/IPA. A
Medical Group is a group of physicians and other health care providers under contract to provide services
to members of our plan. An IPA, or Independent Practice Association, is an independent group of
physicians and other health care providers under contract to provide services to members of our plan.
The doctors, hospitals, pharmacists, and other providers in our plan’s network use your membership
record to know what services and drugs are covered and your cost‑sharing amounts. Because of this,
it’s very important to help us keep your information up to date.
If you have any of these changes, let us know:
• Changes to your name, address, or phone number
• Changes in any other health coverage you have (such as from your employer, your spouse or
domestic partner’s employer, workers’ compensation, or Medicaid)
• Any liability claims, such as claims from an automobile accident
• If you’re admitted to a nursing home
• If you get care in an out‑of‑area or out‑of‑network hospital or emergency room
• If your designated responsible party (such as a caregiver) changes
• If you participate in a clinical research study (Note: You’re not required to tell our plan about clinical
research studies you intend to participate in, but we encourage you to do so.)
If any of this information changes, let us know by calling Member Services at 1‑866‑409‑1221 (TTY users
call 711).
It’s also important to contact Social Security if you move or change your mailing address. Call Social
Security at 1‑800‑772‑1213 (TTY users call 1‑800‑325‑0778).
SECTION 7 How other insurance works with our plan
Medicare requires us to collect information about any other medical or drug coverage you have so we can

14 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 1. Get started as a member
coordinate any other coverage with your benefits under our plan. This is called Coordination of Benefits.
Once a year, we'll send you a letter that lists any other medical or drug coverage we know about. Read this
information carefully. If it's correct, you don't have to do anything. If the information isn't correct, or if you
have other coverage that's not listed, call Member Services at 1‑866‑409‑1221 (TTY users call 711). You
may need to give our plan member ID number to your other insurers (once you confirm their identity) so
your bills are paid correctly and on time.
When you have other insurance (like employer group health coverage), Medicare rules decide whether
our plan or your other insurance pays first. The insurance that pays first (the "primary payer"), pays up to
the limits of its coverage. The insurance that pays second (the "secondary payer"), only pays if there are
costs left uncovered by the primary coverage. The secondary payer may not pay all the uncovered costs.
If you have other insurance, tell your doctor, hospital, and pharmacy.
These rules apply for employer or union group health plan coverage:
• If you have retiree coverage, Medicare pays first.
• If your group health plan coverage is based on your or a family member’s current employment, who
pays first depends on your age, the number of people employed by your employer, and whether you
have Medicare based on age, disability, or End‑Stage Renal Disease (ESRD):
If you’re under 65 and disabled and you (or your family member) are still working, your group
○
health plan pays first if the employer has 100 or more employees or at least one employer in a
multiple employer plan has more than 100 employees.
If you’re over 65 and you (or your spouse or domestic partner) are still working, your group
○
health plan pays first if the employer has 20 or more employees or at least one employer in a
multiple employer plan has more than 20 employees.
• If you have Medicare because of ESRD, your group health plan will pay first for the first 30 months
after you become eligible for Medicare.
These types of coverage usually pay first for services related to each type:
• No‑fault insurance (including automobile insurance)
• Liability (including automobile insurance)
• Black lung benefits
• Workers’ compensation
Medicaid and TRICARE never pay first for Medicare‑covered services. They only pay after Medicare
and/or employer group health plans have paid.

Chapter 2:
Phone numbers and resources
SECTION 1 Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D‑SNP) contacts
For help with claims, billing, or member card questions, call or write to Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D‑SNP)
Member Services. We’ll be happy to help you.
Member Services – Contact Information
1‑866‑409‑1221 or the number on your member ID card
Calls to this number are free.
Call Hours of operation are 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week.
Member Services also has free language interpreter services for non‑English
speakers.
711
TTY Calls to this number are free.
Hours of operation are 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week.
Fax 1‑866‑759‑4415
Aetna Medicare
Write PO Box 14088
Lexington, KY 40512
Website AetnaMedicare.com

16 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 2. Phone numbers and resources
How to ask for a coverage decision or appeal about your medical care
A coverage decision is a decision we make about your benefits and coverage or about the amount we pay
for your medical services or Part D drugs. An appeal is a formal way of asking us to review and change a
coverage decision. For more information on how to ask for coverage decisions or appeals about your
medical care or Part D drugs, got to Chapter 9.
Coverage Decisions for Medical Care – Contact Information
Call 1‑833‑570‑6670 or the number on your member ID card
Calls to this number are free.
Hours of operation are 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week.
TTY 711
Calls to this number are free.
Hours of operation are 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week.
Fax 1‑866‑759‑4415
Write Aetna Medicare Precertification Unit
PO Box 14079
Lexington, KY 40512
Website AetnaMedicare.com
Coverage Decisions for Part D Drugs – Contact Information
Call 1‑800‑414‑2386
Calls to this number are free.
Hours of operation are 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
TTY 711
Calls to this number are free.
Hours of operation are 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
Fax 1‑800‑408‑2386
Write Aetna Medicare Coverage Determinations
PO Box 14095
Lexington, KY 40512
Website AetnaMedicare.com

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 17
Chapter 2. Phone numbers and resources
Appeals for Medical Care – Contact Information
Call 1‑800‑282‑5366
Calls to this number are free.
Hours of operation are 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week.
TTY 711
Calls to this number are free.
Hours of operation are 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week.
Fax 1‑724‑741‑4953
Expedited appeals: 1‑724‑741‑4958
Write Aetna Medicare Part C Appeals
PO Box 14067
Lexington, KY 40512
Website Aetna.com/medicare/contact-us/appeals-grievances.html
Appeals for Part D Drugs – Contact Information
Call 1‑866‑241‑0357
Calls to this number are free.
Hours of operation are 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
TTY 711
Calls to this number are free.
Hours of operation are 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
Fax 1‑724‑741‑4954
Write Aetna Medicare Part D Appeals
PO Box 14579
Lexington, KY 40512
Website Aetna.com/medicare/contact-us/appeals-grievances.html

18 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 2. Phone numbers and resources
How to make a complaint about your medical care
You can make a complaint about us or one of our network providers or pharmacies, including a complaint
about the quality of your care. This type of complaint doesn’t involve coverage or payment disputes. For
more information on how to make a complaint about your medical care, go to Chapter 9.
Complaints about Medical Care – Contact Information
1‑833‑570‑6670 or the number on your member ID card
Call Calls to this number are free.
Hours of operation are 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week.
711
TTY Calls to this number are free.
Hours of operation are 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week.
Fax 1‑724‑741‑4956
Aetna Medicare Grievances
Write PO Box 14834
Lexington, KY 40512
To submit a complaint about Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D‑SNP) directly to
Medicare Website
Medicare, go to www.medicare.gov/MedicareComplaintForm/home.aspx.
Complaints about Part D Drugs – Contact Information
1‑833‑570‑6670 or the number on your member ID card
Call Calls to this number are free.
Hours of operation are 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week.
711
TTY Calls to this number are free.
Hours of operation are 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week.
Fax 1‑724‑741‑4956
Aetna Medicare Grievances
Write PO Box 14834
Lexington, KY 40512
To submit a complaint about Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D‑SNP) directly to
Medicare Website
Medicare, go to www.medicare.gov/MedicareComplaintForm/home.aspx.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 19
Chapter 2. Phone numbers and resources
How to ask us to pay our share of the cost for medical care or a drug you got
If you got a bill or paid for services (like as a provider bill) you think we should pay for, you may need to ask
us for reimbursement or to pay to the provider bill. Go to Chapter 7 for more information.
If you send us a payment request and we deny any part of your request, you can appeal our decision. Go
to Chapter 9 for more information.
Payment Requests for Medical Coverage – Contact Information
Fax 1‑866‑474‑4040
Aetna Medicare
Write PO Box 981106
El Paso, TX 79998‑1106
Website AetnaMedicare.com
Payment Requests for Part D Drugs – Contact Information
Aetna Pharmacy Management
Write PO Box 52446
Phoenix, AZ 85072‑2446
Website AetnaMedicare.com

20 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 2. Phone numbers and resources
SECTION 2 Get help from Medicare
Medicare is the federal health insurance program for people 65 years of age or older, some people under
age 65 with disabilities, and people with End‑Stage Renal Disease (permanent kidney failure requiring
dialysis or a kidney transplant).
The federal agency in charge of Medicare is the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS). This
agency contracts with Medicare Advantage organizations, including our plan.
Medicare – Contact Information
1‑800‑MEDICARE (1‑800‑633‑4227)
Call Calls to this number are free.
24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
1‑877‑486‑2048
This number requires special telephone equipment and is only for people who
TTY
have difficulties hearing or speaking.
Calls to this number are free.
Chat Live Chat live at Medicare.gov/talk-to-someone
Write Write to Medicare at PO Box 1270, Lawrence, KS 66044
Website Medicare.gov
• Get information about the Medicare health and drug plans in your area,
including what they cost and what services they provide.
• Find Medicare‑participating doctors or other health care providers and
suppliers.
• Find out what Medicare covers, including preventive services (like
screenings, shots or vaccines, and yearly “Wellness” visits).
• Get Medicare appeals information and forms.
• Get information about the quality of care provided by plans, nursing
homes, hospitals, doctors, home health agencies, dialysis facilities,
hospice centers, inpatient rehabilitation facilities, and long‑term care
hospitals.
• Look up helpful websites and phone numbers.
You can also visit Medicare.gov to tell Medicare about any complaints you
have about Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D‑SNP).
To submit a complaint to Medicare, go to
www.Medicare.gov/my/medicare-complaint. Medicare takes your
complaints seriously and will use this information to help improve the quality
of the Medicare program.
SECTION 3 State Health Insurance Assistance Program (SHIP)
The State Health Insurance Assistance Program (SHIP) is a government program with trained counselors
in every state that offers free help, information, and answers to your Medicare questions. Refer to
Appendix A at the back of this document for the name and contact information of the State Health
Insurance Assistance Program in your state.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 21
Chapter 2. Phone numbers and resources
SHIP is an independent state program (not connected with any insurance company or health plan) that
gets money from the federal government to give free local health insurance counseling to people with
Medicare.
SHIP counselors can help you understand your Medicare rights, make complaints about your medical care
or treatment, and straighten out problems with your Medicare bills. SHIP counselors can also help you
with Medicare questions or problems, help you understand your Medicare plan choices, and answer
questions about switching plans.
SECTION 4 Quality Improvement Organization (QIO)
A designated Quality Improvement Organization (QIO) serves people with Medicare in each state. Refer to
Appendix A at the back of this document for the name and contact information of the Quality
Improvement Organization in your state.
The Quality Improvement Organization has a group of doctors and other health care professionals paid by
Medicare to check on and help improve the quality of care for people with Medicare. The Quality
Improvement Organization is an independent organization. It’s not connected with our plan.
Contact the Quality Improvement Organization in any of these situations:
• You have a complaint about the quality of care you got. Examples of quality‑of‑care concerns
include getting the wrong medication, unnecessary tests or procedures, or a misdiagnosis.
• You think coverage for your hospital stay is ending too soon.
• You think coverage for your home health care, skilled nursing facility care, or Comprehensive
Outpatient Rehabilitation Facility (CORF) services is ending too soon.
SECTION 5 Social Security
Social Security determines Medicare eligibility and handles Medicare enrollment. Social Security is also
responsible for determining who has to pay an extra amount for Part D drug coverage because they have
a higher income. If you got a letter from Social Security telling you that you have to pay the extra amount
and have questions about the amount or if your income went down because of a life‑changing event, you
can call Social Security to ask for reconsideration.
If you move or change your mailing address, contact Social Security to let them know.
Social Security – Contact Information
1‑800‑772‑1213
Calls to this number are free.
CALL Available 8 am to 7 pm, Monday through Friday.
Use Social Security’s automated telephone services to get recorded
information and conduct some business 24 hours a day.
1‑800‑325‑0778
This number requires special telephone equipment and is only for people who
TTY have difficulties with hearing or speaking.
Calls to this number are free.
Available 8 am to 7 pm, Monday through Friday.
WEBSITE SSA.gov

22 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 2. Phone numbers and resources
SECTION 6 Medicaid
Medicaid is a joint federal and state government program that helps with medical costs for certain people
with limited incomes and resources.
The following Medicare Savings Programs help people with limited income and resources:
• Qualified Medicare Beneficiary (QMB): Helps pay Medicare Part A and Part B premiums, and other
cost sharing (like deductibles, coinsurance, and copayments). (Some people with QMB are also
eligible for full Medicaid benefits (QMB+).)
• Qualified Medicare Beneficiary Plus (QMB+): Helps pay Medicare Part A and Part B premiums,
and other cost sharing (like deductibles, coinsurance, and copayments). You are also eligible for full
Medicaid benefits from your state Medicaid program.
• Specified Low‑Income Medicare Beneficiary Plus (SLMB+): Helps pay Medicare Part B premiums
and possibly part A. Medicaid may cover some of your Medicare cost sharing for medical services,
depending on your state’s Medicaid program. You are eligible for full Medicaid.
• Full Benefit Dual Eligible (FBDE): Medicaid may cover some of your Medicare cost sharing for
medical services, depending on your state’s Medicaid program. You are eligible for full Medicaid.
If you have questions about the help you get from Medicaid, contact the MO HealthNet.
The Ombudsman program helps people enrolled in Medicaid with service or billing problems. They can
help you file a grievance or appeal with our plan.
The LTC Ombudsman program helps people get information about nursing homes and resolve problems
between nursing homes and residents or their families.
Refer to Appendix A of this document for the name and contact information for the MO HealthNet and
Ombudsman programs in your state.
SECTION 7 Programs to help people pay for prescription drugs
The Medicare website (www.Medicare.gov/basics/costs/help/drug-costs) has information on ways to
lower your prescription drug costs. The programs below can help people with limited incomes.
Extra Help from Medicare
Because you're eligible for Medicaid, you qualify for and are getting “Extra Help” from Medicare to pay for
your prescription drug plan costs. You don't need to do anything further to get this “Extra Help.”
If you have questions about Extra Help, call:
• 1‑800‑MEDICARE (1‑800‑633‑4227). TTY users call 1‑877‑486‑2048;
• The Social Security Office at 1‑800‑772‑1213, between 8 am and 7 pm, Monday through Friday. TTY
users call 1‑800‑325‑0778; or
• Your State Medicaid Office (See Appendix A at the back of this document for contact information).
If you think you’re paying an incorrect amount for your prescription at a pharmacy, our plan has a process
to help you get evidence of your proper copayment amount. If you already have evidence of the right
amount, we can help you share this evidence with us.
You can send your evidence documentation to us using any of the following contact methods:

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 23
Chapter 2. Phone numbers and resources
Best Available Evidence – Contact Information
Best Available Evidence
WRITE PO Box 14076
Lexington, KY 40512
FAX 1‑888‑665‑6296
EMAIL BAE/LISmailbox@aetna.com
• When we get the evidence showing the right copayment level, we’ll update our system so you can
pay the right copayment amount when you get your next prescription. If you overpay your
copayment, we’ll pay you back, either by check or a future copayment credit. If the pharmacy didn’t
collect your copayment and you owe them a debt, we may make the payment directly to the
pharmacy. If a state paid on your behalf, we may make payment directly to the state. Call Member
Services at 1‑866‑409‑1221 (TTY users call 711) if you have any questions.
What if you have Extra Help and coverage from a State Pharmaceutical Assistance Program (SPAP)?
Many states offer help paying for prescriptions, drug plan premiums and/or other drug costs. If you’re
enrolled in a State Pharmaceutical Assistance Program (SPAP), Medicare's Extra Help pays first.
What if you have Extra Help and coverage from an AIDS Drug Assistance Program (ADAP)?
The AIDS Drug Assistance Program (ADAP) helps people living with HIV/AIDS access life‑saving HIV
medications. Medicare Part D drugs that are also on the ADAP formulary qualify for prescription
cost‑sharing help through the ADAP in your state (telephone numbers are in Appendix A at the back of
this document).
NOTE: To be eligible for the ADAP in your state, people must meet certain criteria, including proof of state
residence and HIV status, low income (as defined by the state), and uninsured/under‑insured status. If you
change plans, notify your local ADAP enrollment worker so you can continue to get help. For information
on eligibility criteria, covered drugs, or how to enroll in the program, call your state ADAP contact. (Refer to
Appendix A at the back of this document for the name and contact information of the ADAP in your state.)
State Pharmaceutical Assistance Programs
Many states have State Pharmaceutical Assistance Programs that help people pay for prescription drugs
based on financial need, age, medical condition, or disabilities. Each state has different rules to provide
drug coverage to its members.
Refer to Appendix A at the back of this document for the name and contact information of the State
Pharmaceutical Assistance Program in your state.
Medicare Prescription Payment Plan
The Medicare Prescription Payment Plan is a payment option that works with your current drug coverage,
to help you manage your out‑of‑pocket costs for drugs covered by our plan by spreading them across the
calendar year (January – December). Anyone with a Medicare drug plan or Medicare health plan with
drug coverage (like a Medicare Advantage plan with drug coverage) can use this payment option. This
payment option might help you manage your expenses, but it doesn’t save you money or lower your
drug costs. If you’re participating in the Medicare Prescription Payment Plan and stay in the same
Part D plan, your participation will be automatically renewed for 2026. Extra Help from Medicare and
help from your SPAP and ADAP, for those who qualify, is more advantageous than participation in the
Medicare Prescription Payment Plan. To learn more about this payment option, call Member Services at
1‑866‑409‑1221 (TTY users call 711) or visit Medicare.gov.

24 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 2. Phone numbers and resources
The Medicare Prescription Payment Plan – Contact Information
1‑866‑409‑1221 or the number on your member ID card
Calls to this number are free.
CALL Hours of operation are 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week.
Member Services also has free language interpreter services for non‑English
speakers.
711
TTY Calls to this number are free.
Hours of operation are 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week.
Aetna Medicare
WRITE PO Box 7
Pittsburgh, PA 15230
WEBSITE AetnaMedicare.com
SECTION 8 Railroad Retirement Board (RRB)
The Railroad Retirement Board is an independent federal agency that administers comprehensive benefit
programs for the nation’s railroad workers and their families. If you get Medicare through the Railroad
Retirement Board, let them know if you move or change your mailing address. For questions about your
benefits from the Railroad Retirement Board, contact the agency.
Method Railroad Retirement Board (RRB) – Contact Information
1‑877‑772‑5772
Calls to this number are free.
Press “0” to speak with an RRB representative from 9 am to 3:30 pm, Monday,
CALL
Tuesday, Thursday, and Friday, and from 9 am to 12 pm on Wednesday.
Press “1” to access the automated RRB HelpLine and get recorded
information 24 hours a day, including weekends and holidays.
1‑312‑751‑4701
This number requires special telephone equipment and is only for people who
TTY
have difficulties hearing or speaking.
Calls to this number aren’t free.
WEBSITE https://RRB.gov

Chapter 3:
Using our plan for your medical and other
covered services
SECTION 1 How to get medical care and other services as a member of our plan
This chapter explains what you need to know about using our plan to get your medical care and other
services covered.
For details on what medical care and other services our plan covers, go to the Medical Benefits Chart in
Chapter 4.
Section 1.1 Network providers and covered services
• Providers are doctors and other health care professionals licensed by the state to provide medical
services and care. The term “providers” also includes hospitals and other health care facilities.
• Network providers are the doctors and other health care professionals, medical groups, hospitals,
and other health care facilities that have an agreement with us to accept our payment as payment in
full. We arranged for these providers to deliver covered services to members in our plan. The
providers in our network bill us directly for care they give you. When you see a network provider, you
pay nothing for covered services.
• Covered services include all the medical care, health care services, supplies, equipment, and
prescription drugs that are covered by our plan. Your covered services for medical care are listed in
the Medical Benefits Chart in Chapter 4. Your covered services for prescription drugs are discussed
in Chapter 5.
Section 1.2 Basic rules for your medical care and other services to be covered by our plan
As a Medicare health plan, Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D‑SNP) must cover all services covered by Original
Medicare and may offer other services in addition to those covered under Original Medicare (See the
Medical Benefits Chart in Chapter 4, Section 2).
Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D‑SNP) will generally cover your medical care as long as:
• The care you get is included in our plan’s Medical Benefits Chart in Chapter 4.
• The care you get is considered medically necessary. Medically necessary means that the
services, supplies, equipment, or drugs are needed for the prevention, diagnosis, or treatment of
your medical condition and meet accepted standards of medical practice.
• You have a network primary care provider (a PCP) providing and overseeing your care. As a
member of our plan, you must choose a network PCP (go to Section 2.1 for more information).
• You get your care from a network provider (go to Section 2). In most cases, care you get from an
out‑of‑network provider (a provider who’s not part of our plan’s network) won’t be covered. This
means you have to pay the provider in full for services you get. Here are three exceptions:
Our plan covers emergency care or urgently needed services that you get from an
○
out‑of‑network provider. For more information, and to see what emergency or urgently
needed services are, go to Section 3.
If you need medical care that Medicare requires our plan to cover but there are no specialists
○
in our network that provide this care, you can get this care from an out‑of‑network provider at
the same cost sharing you normally pay in‑network. Prior authorization should be obtained
from the plan prior to seeking care. In this situation, we'll cover these services as if you got the
care from a network provider. For information about getting approval to see an out‑of‑network
doctor, go to Section 2.4.

26 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 3. Using our plan for your medical and other covered services
Our plan covers kidney dialysis services you get at a Medicare‑certified dialysis facility when
○
you’re temporarily outside our plan’s service area or when your provider for this service is
temporarily unavailable or inaccessible. The cost sharing you pay our plan for dialysis can
never be higher than the cost sharing in Original Medicare. If you’re outside our plan’s service
area and get dialysis from a provider outside our plan’s network, your cost sharing can’t be
higher than the cost sharing you pay in‑network. However, if your usual in‑network provider
for dialysis is temporarily unavailable and you choose to get services inside our service area
from a provider outside our plan’s network, your cost sharing for the dialysis may be higher.
SECTION 2 Use providers in our plan’s network to get medical care and other services
You must choose a Primary Care Provider (PCP) to provide and oversee your
Section 2.1
care
What is a PCP and what does the PCP do for you?
As a member of our plan, you must have a network PCP on file with us. It is very important that you
choose a network PCP and tell us who you have chosen. Your PCP can help you stay healthy, treat
illnesses and coordinate your care with other health care providers. Your PCP (or PCP office) will appear
on your member ID card. If your member ID card does not show a PCP (or PCP office), or the PCP on your
card is not the one you want to use, please contact us immediately. If you use a PCP whose name (or
office name) is not printed on your member ID card, your claims may be denied.
Depending on where you live, the following types of providers may act as a PCP:
• General Practitioner
• Internist
• Family Practitioner
• Geriatrician
• Physician Assistants (Not available in all states)
• Nurse Practitioners (Not available in all states)
Please refer to your Provider & Pharmacy Directory or go to our website at
AetnaMedicare.com/findprovider for a complete listing of PCPs in your area.
What is the role of a PCP?
Your PCP will provide most of your care, and when you need more specialized services, they will
coordinate your care with other providers. They will help you find a specialist and will arrange for covered
services you get as a member of our plan. Some of the services that the PCP will coordinate include:
• X‑rays
• Laboratory tests
• Therapies
• Care from doctors who are specialists
• Hospital admissions
“Coordinating” your services includes consulting with other plan providers about your care and how it is
progressing. Since your PCP will provide and coordinate most of your medical care, we recommend that
you have your past medical records sent to your PCP’s office.
What is the role of the PCP in making decisions about or obtaining prior authorization (PA), if
applicable?

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 27
Chapter 3. Using our plan for your medical and other covered services
In some cases, your PCP or other provider or you as the enrollee (member) of the plan may need to get
approval in advance from our Medical Management Department for certain types of services or tests (this
is called getting “prior authorization”). Obtaining prior authorization is the responsibility of the PCP,
treating provider, or you as the member. Services and items requiring prior authorization are listed in
Chapter 4.
How to choose a PCP
You can select your PCP by using the Provider & Pharmacy Directory, by accessing our website at
AetnaMedicare.com/findprovider, or getting help from Member Services.
If you have not selected a PCP, a PCP will be selected for you. You can change your PCP (as explained
later in this section) for any reason, and at any time, by contacting Member Services.
How to change your PCP
You can change your PCP for any reason, at any time. It’s also possible that your PCP might leave our
plan’s network of providers and you’d need to choose a new PCP. Contact us immediately if your member
ID card does not show the PCP you want to use. We will update your file and send you a new member ID
card to reflect the change in PCP.
To change your PCP, call Member Services before you set up an appointment with a new PCP. When you
call, be sure to tell Member Services if you are seeing specialists or currently getting other covered
services that were coordinated by your PCP (such as home health services and durable medical
equipment). They will check to see if the PCP you want to switch to is accepting new patients. Member
Services will change your membership record to show the name of your new PCP, let you know the
effective date of your change request, and answer your questions about the change.
They will also send you a new membership card that shows the name and/or phone number of your new
PCP.
Section 2.2 Medical care and other services you can get without a PCP referral
You can get the services listed below without getting approval in advance from your PCP.
• Routine women’s health care, including breast exams, screening mammograms (x‑rays of the
breast), Pap tests, and pelvic exams as long as you get them from a network provider.
• Behavioral health services as long as you get them from network providers. To access behavioral
health services, call the number on your member ID card.
• Flu shots, COVID‑19 vaccines, Hepatitis B vaccines, and pneumonia vaccines as long as you get
them from a network provider.
• Emergency services from network providers or from out‑of‑network providers.
• Urgently needed plan‑covered services are services that require immediate medical attention (but
not an emergency), if you’re either temporarily outside our plan’s service area, or if it’s unreasonable
given your time, place, and circumstances to get this service from network providers. Examples of
urgently needed services are unforeseen medical illnesses and injuries or unexpected flare‑ups of
existing conditions. Medically necessary routine provider visits (like annual checkups) aren’t
considered urgently needed even if you’re outside our plan’s service area or our plan network is
temporarily unavailable.
• Kidney dialysis services that you get at a Medicare‑certified dialysis facility when you’re temporarily
outside our plan’s service area. If possible, call Member Services at 1‑866‑409‑1221 (TTY users call
711) before you leave the service area so we can help arrange for you to have maintenance dialysis
while you’re away.
Section 2.3 How to get care from specialists and other network providers
A specialist is a doctor who provides health care services for a specific disease or part of the body. There

28 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 3. Using our plan for your medical and other covered services
are many kinds of specialists. For example:
• Oncologists care for patients with cancer.
• Cardiologists care for patients with heart conditions.
• Orthopedists care for patients with certain bone, joint, or muscle conditions.
What is the role of the PCP in referring members to specialists and other providers?
Your PCP will provide most of your care and will help arrange or coordinate the rest of the covered
services you get as a plan member.
Your PCP may refer you to a specialist, but you can go to any specialists in our network without a referral.
Prior authorization process
In some cases, your PCP, other provider, or you as the enrollee (member) of the plan, may need to get
approval in advance from our Medical Management Department for certain types of services or tests that
you receive in‑network (this is called getting “prior authorization”). Obtaining prior authorization is the
responsibility of the PCP, treating provider or you as the member. Services and items requiring prior
authorization are listed in the Medical Benefits Chart in Chapter 4, Section 2.
When a specialist or another network provider leaves our plan
We may make changes to the hospitals, doctors, and specialists (providers) in our plan’s network during
the year. If your doctor or specialist leaves our plan, you have these rights and protections:
• Even though our network of providers may change during the year, Medicare requires that you have
uninterrupted access to qualified doctors and specialists.
• We’ll notify you that your provider is leaving our plan so that you have time to choose a new
provider.
If your primary care or behavioral health provider leaves our plan, we’ll notify you if you visited
○
that provider within the past 3 years.
If any of your other providers leave our plan, we’ll notify you if you’re assigned to the provider,
○
currently get care from them, or visit them within the past 3 months.
• We’ll help you choose a new qualified in‑network provider for continued care.
• If you’re undergoing medical treatment or therapies with your current provider, you have the right to
ask to continue getting medically necessary treatment or therapies. We’ll work with you so you can
continue to get care.
• We’ll give you information about available enrollment periods and options you may have for
changing plans.
• When an in‑network provider or benefit is unavailable or inadequate to meet your medical needs,
we’ll arrange for any medically necessary covered benefit outside of our provider network, at
in‑network cost sharing.
• If you find out your doctor or specialist is leaving our plan, contact us so we can help you choose a
new provider to manage your care.
• If you believe we haven't furnished you with a qualified provider to replace your previous provider or
that your care isn’t being appropriately managed, you have the right to file a quality‑of‑care
complaint to the QIO, a quality‑of‑care grievance to our plan, or both (go to Chapter 9).
Section 2.4 How to get care from out‑of‑network providers
As a member of our plan, you must use network providers. If you receive unauthorized care from an
out‑of‑network provider, we may deny coverage and you will be responsible for the entire cost. Here are
three exceptions:
• The plan covers emergency care or urgently needed care that you get from an out‑of‑network

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 29
Chapter 3. Using our plan for your medical and other covered services
provider. For more information about this, and to see what emergency or urgently needed care
means, see Section 3 in this chapter.
• If you need medical care that Medicare requires our plan to cover and the providers in our network
cannot provide this care, you can get this care from an out‑of‑network provider. Prior authorization
should be obtained from the plan prior to seeking care. In this situation, if the care is approved, you
would pay the same as you would pay if you got the care from a network provider. Your PCP or other
network provider will contact us to obtain authorization for you to see an out‑of‑network provider.
• Kidney dialysis services that you get at a Medicare‑certified dialysis facility when you are
temporarily outside the plan’s service area.
You should ask the out‑of‑network provider to bill us first. If you have already paid for the covered services
or if the out‑of‑network provider sends you a bill that you think we should pay, please contact Member
Services or send us the bill. See Chapter 7 for information on how to ask us to pay you back or to pay a bill
you have received.
SECTION 3 How to get services in an emergency, disaster, or urgent need for care
Section 3.1 Get care if you have a medical emergency
A medical emergency is when you, or any other prudent layperson with an average knowledge of health
and medicine, believe that you have medical symptoms that require immediate medical attention to
prevent your loss of life (and, if you’re a pregnant woman, loss of an unborn child), loss of a limb or
function of a limb, or loss of or serious impairment to a bodily function. The medical symptoms may be an
illness, injury, severe pain, or a medical condition that’s quickly getting worse.
If you have a medical emergency:
• Get help as quickly as possible. Call 911 for help or go to the nearest emergency room or hospital.
Call for an ambulance if you need it. You don’t need to get approval or a referral first from your PCP.
You don’t need to use a network doctor. You can get covered emergency medical care whenever
you need it, anywhere in the United States or its territories, and from any provider with an
appropriate state license even if they’re not part of our network.
• As soon as possible, make sure our plan has been told about your emergency. We need to follow
up on your emergency care. You or someone else should call to tell us about your emergency care,
usually within 48 hours. Please call Member Services (phone numbers are printed on your member
ID card).
Covered services in a medical emergency
Our plan covers worldwide services outside the United States under the following circumstances:
• Emergency care
• Urgently needed care
• Emergency ambulance transportation from the scene of an emergency to the nearest medical
treatment facility
Transportation back to the United States from another country is not covered. Pre‑scheduled and/or
elective procedures are not covered. See the Medical Benefits Chart in Chapter 4 for more information. Be
sure to get a copy of all your medical records from your emergency care or urgent care provider before
you leave; you may need them to file a claim or to help with claims processing. Without these records we
may not be able to pay your claim. You may have to pay the provider at the time of service and submit for
reimbursement. You will be reimbursed up to the annual maximum benefit amount less any applicable
copay or cost share.

30 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 3. Using our plan for your medical and other covered services
Our plan covers ambulance services in situations where getting to the emergency room in any other way
could endanger your health. We also cover medical services during the emergency.
The doctors giving you emergency care will decide when your condition is stable and when the medical
emergency is over.
After the emergency is over, you're entitled to follow‑up care to be sure your condition continues to be
stable. Your doctors will continue to treat you until your doctors contact us and make plans for additional
care. Your follow‑up care will be covered by our plan. If your emergency care is provided by
out‑of‑network providers, we’ll try to arrange for network providers to take over your care as soon as your
medical condition and the circumstances allow.
What if it wasn’t a medical emergency?
Sometimes it can be hard to know if you have a medical emergency. For example, you might go in for
emergency care – thinking that your health is in serious danger – and the doctor may say that it wasn’t a
medical emergency after all. If it turns out that it wasn’t an emergency, as long as you reasonably thought
your health was in serious danger, we’ll cover your care.
However, after the doctor says it wasn’t an emergency, we’ll cover additional care only if you get the
additional care in one of these 2 ways:
• You go to a network provider to get the additional care.
• The additional care you get is considered urgently needed services and you follow the rules below
for getting this urgent care.
Section 3.2 Get care when you have an urgent need for services
A service that requires immediate medical attention (but isn’t an emergency) is an urgently needed
service if you’re either temporarily outside our plan’s service area, or if it’s unreasonable given your time,
place, and circumstances to get this service from network providers. Examples of urgently needed
services are unforeseen medical illnesses and injuries, or unexpected flare‑ups of existing conditions.
However, medically necessary routine provider visits, such as annual checkups, aren’t considered
urgently needed even if you’re outside our plan’s service area or our plan network is temporarily
unavailable.
If you need to locate an urgent care facility, you can find an in‑network urgent care center near you by
using the Provider & Pharmacy Directory, going to our website at AetnaMedicare.com/findprovider, or
getting help from Member Services.
Our plan covers worldwide services outside the United States under the following circumstances:
• Emergency care
• Urgently needed care
• Emergency ambulance transportation from the scene of an emergency to the nearest medical
treatment facility
Transportation back to the United States from another country is not covered. Pre‑scheduled and/or
elective procedures are not covered. See the Medical Benefits Chart in Chapter 4 for more information. Be
sure to get a copy of all your medical records from your emergency care or urgent care provider before
you leave; you may need them to file a claim or to help with claims processing. Without these records we
may not be able to pay your claim. You may have to pay the provider at the time of service and submit for
reimbursement. You will be reimbursed up to the annual maximum benefit amount less any applicable
copay or cost share.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 31
Chapter 3. Using our plan for your medical and other covered services
Section 3.3 Get care during a disaster
If the Governor of your state, the U.S. Secretary of Health and Human Services, or the President of the
United States declares a state of disaster or emergency in your geographic area, you're still entitled to care
from our plan.
Visit AetnaMedicare.com for information on how to get needed care during a disaster.
If you can't use a network provider during a disaster, our plan will allow you to get care from
out‑of‑network providers at in‑network cost sharing. If you can't use a network pharmacy during a
disaster, you may be able to fill your prescriptions at an out‑of‑network pharmacy. Go to Chapter 5,
Section 2.4.
SECTION 4 What if you're billed directly for the full cost of covered services?
If you paid for your covered services, or if you get a bill for covered medical services, you can ask us to pay
our share of the cost of covered services. Go to Chapter 7 for information about what to do.
Section 4.1 If services aren’t covered by our plan
Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D‑SNP) covers all medically necessary services as listed in the Medical
Benefits Chart in Chapter 4. If you get services that aren’t covered by our plan or you get services
out‑of‑network without authorization, you’re responsible for paying the full cost of services. Before paying
for the cost of the service, contact your Medicaid plan to find out if the service is covered by Medicaid.
For covered services that have a benefit limitation, you also pay the full cost of any services you get after
you use up your benefit for that type of covered service. Any amounts you pay for services after a benefit
limit has been reached do not count toward your out‑of‑pocket maximum. You can call Member Services
when you want to know how much of your benefit limit you have already used.
SECTION 5 Medical services in a clinical research study
Section 5.1 What is a clinical research study?
A clinical research study (also called a clinical trial) is a way that doctors and scientists test new types of
medical care, like how well a new cancer drug works. Certain clinical research studies are approved by
Medicare. Clinical research studies approved by Medicare typically ask for volunteers to participate in the
study. When you’re in a clinical research study, you can stay enrolled in our plan and continue to get the
rest of your care (care that’s not related to the study) through our plan.
If you participate in a Medicare‑approved study, Original Medicare pays most of the costs for
covered services you get as part of the study. If you tell us that you're in a qualified clinical trial, you're
only responsible for the in‑network cost sharing for the services in that trial. If you paid more, for example,
if you already paid the Original Medicare cost‑sharing amount, we'll reimburse the difference between
what you paid and the in‑network cost sharing. You'll need to provide documentation to show us how
much you paid.
If you want to participate in any Medicare‑approved clinical research study, you don’t need to tell us or get
approval from us or your PCP. The providers that deliver your care as part of the clinical research study
don't need to be part of our plan’s network. (This doesn't apply to covered benefits that require a clinical
trial or registry to assess the benefit, including certain benefits requiring coverage with evidence
development (NCDs‑CED) and investigational device exemption (IDE) studies. These benefits may also be
subject to prior authorization and other plan rules.)

32 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 3. Using our plan for your medical and other covered services
While you don't need our plan's permission to be in a clinical research study, we encourage you to notify
us in advance when you choose to participate in Medicare‑qualified clinical trials.
If you participate in a study not approved by Medicare, you'll be responsible for paying all costs for your
participation in the study.
Section 5.2 Who pays for services in a clinical research study
Once you join a Medicare‑approved clinical research study, Original Medicare covers the routine items
and services you get as part of the study, including:
• Room and board for a hospital stay that Medicare would pay for even if you weren’t in a study
• An operation or other medical procedure if it is part of the research study
• Treatment of side effects and complications of the new care
After Medicare has paid its share of the cost for these services, our plan will pay the rest. Like for all
covered services, you'll pay nothing for the covered services you get in the clinical research study.
When you're in a clinical research study, neither Medicare nor our plan will pay for any of the following:
• Generally, Medicare won't pay for the new item or service the study is testing unless Medicare would
cover the item or service even if you weren't in a study.
• Items or services provided only to collect data, and not used in your direct health care. For example,
Medicare won't pay for monthly CT scans done as part of a study if your medical condition would
normally require only one CT scan.
• Items and services provided by the research sponsors free‑of‑charge for people in the trial.
Get more information about joining a clinical research study
Get more information about joining a clinical research study in the Medicare publication Medicare and
Clinical Research Studies, available at: www.medicare.gov/sites/default/files/2019-09/02226-
medicare-and-clinical-research-studies.pdf. You can also call 1‑800‑MEDICARE (1‑800‑633‑4227) TTY
users call 1‑877‑486‑2048.
SECTION 6 Rules for getting care in a religious non‑medical health care institution
Section 6.1 A religious non‑medical health care institution
A religious non‑medical health care institution is a facility that provides care for a condition that would
ordinarily be treated in a hospital or skilled nursing facility. If getting care in a hospital or a skilled nursing
facility is against a member’s religious beliefs, we'll instead cover care in a religious non‑medical health
care institution. This benefit is provided only for Part A inpatient services (non‑medical health care
services).
Section 6.2 How to get care from a religious non‑medical health care institution
To get care from a religious non‑medical health care institution, you must sign a legal document that says
you're conscientiously opposed to getting medical treatment that's non‑excepted.
• Non‑excepted medical care or treatment is any medical care or treatment that's voluntary and not
required by any federal, state, or local law.
• Excepted medical treatment is medical care or treatment you get that's not voluntary or is required
under federal, state, or local law.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 33
Chapter 3. Using our plan for your medical and other covered services
To be covered by our plan, the care you get from a religious non‑medical health care institution must meet
the following conditions:
• The facility providing the care must be certified by Medicare.
• Our plan only covers non‑religious aspects of care.
• If you get services from this institution provided to you in a facility, the following conditions apply:
You must have a medical condition that would allow you to get covered services for inpatient
○
hospital care or skilled nursing facility care.
– and – you must get approval in advance from our plan before you're admitted to the facility,
○
or your stay won't be covered.
Medicare Inpatient Hospital coverage has unlimited additional days (see the Medical Benefits Chart in
Chapter 4).
SECTION 7 Rules for ownership of durable medical equipment
Section 7.1 You won't own some durable medical equipment after making a certain number
of payments under our plan
Durable medical equipment (DME) includes items like oxygen equipment and supplies, wheelchairs,
walkers, powered mattress systems, crutches, diabetic supplies, speech generating devices, IV infusion
pumps, nebulizers, and hospital beds ordered by a provider for members use in the home. The member
always owns some DME items, like prosthetics. Other types of DME you must rent.
As a member of Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D‑SNP), we will transfer ownership of certain DME items. In
Original Medicare, there is a rental policy up to the purchase price for certain types of DME after making
copayments for the rental period. The rental period typically lasts between 10 to 13 months. Once the
purchase price is met, you can use the equipment as long as it is needed. Once it is no longer needed, the
issuing provider will need to pick it up.
Call Member Services at 1‑866‑409‑1221 (TTY users call 711) to find out about the requirements you must
meet and the documentation you will need to provide.
What happens to payments you made for durable medical equipment if you switch to Original
Medicare?
If you didn't get ownership of the DME item while in our plan, you'll have to make 13 new consecutive
payments after you switch to Original Medicare to own the DME item. The payments you made while
enrolled in our plan don't count towards these 13 payments.
Example 1: You made 12 or fewer consecutive payments for the item in Original Medicare and then joined
our plan. The payments you made in Original Medicare don't count. You'll have to make 13 payments to
our plan before owning the item.
Example 2: You made 12 or fewer consecutive payments for the item in Original Medicare and then joined
our plan. You didn't get ownership of the item while in our plan. You then go back to Original Medicare.
You'll have to make 13 consecutive new payments to own the item once you rejoin Original Medicare. Any
payments you already made (whether to our plan or to Original Medicare) don't count.
Section 7.2 Rules for oxygen equipment, supplies, and maintenance
If you qualify for Medicare oxygen equipment coverage Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D‑SNP) will cover:
• Rental of oxygen equipment

34 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 3. Using our plan for your medical and other covered services
• Delivery of oxygen and oxygen contents
• Tubing and related oxygen accessories for the delivery of oxygen and oxygen contents
• Maintenance and repairs of oxygen equipment
If you leave Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D‑SNP) or no longer medically require oxygen equipment, the
oxygen equipment must be returned.
What happens if you leave our plan and return to Original Medicare?
Original Medicare requires an oxygen supplier to provide you services for 5 years. During the first 36
months you rent the equipment. For the remaining 24 months the supplier provides the equipment and
maintenance (you're still responsible for the copayment for oxygen). After 5 years, you can choose to stay
with the same company or go to another company. At this point, the five‑year cycle starts over again, even
if you stay with the same company, and you're again required to pay copayments for the first 36 months. If
you join or leave our plan, the five‑year cycle starts over.

Chapter 4:
Medical Benefits Chart
(what’s covered)
SECTION 1 Understanding covered services
The Medical Benefits Chart lists your covered services as a member of Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO
D‑SNP). This section also gives information about medical services that aren't covered and explains limits
on certain services.
Section 1.1 You pay nothing for your covered services
Because you get help from Medicaid, you pay nothing for your covered services as long as you follow our
plan’s rules for getting your care. (Go to Chapter 3 for more information about our plan’s rules for getting
your care.)
Section 1.2 What’s the most you’ll pay for covered medical services
Note: Because our members also get help from Medicaid, very few members ever reach this
out‑of‑pocket maximum. You're not responsible for paying any out‑of‑pocket costs toward the maximum
out‑of‑pocket amount for covered Part A and Part B services.
Medicare Advantage Plans have limits on the amount you have to pay out‑of‑pocket each year for medical
services covered by our plan. This limit is called the maximum out‑of‑pocket (MOOP) amount for medical
services. For calendar year 2026 the MOOP amount is $9,250.
The amounts you pay for copayments and coinsurance for covered services count toward this maximum
out‑of‑pocket amount. The amounts you pay for Part D drugs don’t count toward your maximum
out‑of‑pocket amount. In addition, amounts you pay for some services don’t count toward your maximum
out‑of‑pocket amount. These services are marked with an asterisk in the Medical Benefits Chart. If you
reach the maximum out‑of‑pocket amount of $9,250, you won't have to pay any out‑of‑pocket costs for
the rest of the year for covered services. However, you must continue to pay the Medicare Part B premium
(unless your Part B premium is paid for you by Medicaid or another third party).
SECTION 2 The Medical Benefits Chart shows your medical benefits
The Medical Benefits Chart on the next pages lists the services Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D‑SNP) covers.
(Part D drug coverage is in Chapter 5). The services listed in the Medical Benefits Chart are covered only
when these requirements are met:
• Your Medicare‑covered services must be provided according to the coverage guidelines
established by Medicare.
• Your services (including medical care, services, supplies, equipment, and Part B drugs) must be
medically necessary. Medically necessary means that the services, supplies, or drugs are needed
for the prevention, diagnosis, or treatment of your medical condition and meet accepted standards
of medical practice.
• For new enrollees, your MA coordinated care plan must provide a minimum 90‑day transition
period, during which time the new MA plan may not require prior authorization for any active course
of treatment, even if the course of treatment was for a service that commenced with an
out‑of‑network provider.
• You get your care from a network provider. In most cases, care you get from an out‑of‑network

36 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
provider won’t be covered unless it’s emergency or urgent care or unless our plan or network
provider gave you a referral. This means that you pay the provider in full for out‑of‑network services
you get.
• You have a primary care provider (a PCP) providing and overseeing your care.
• Some services listed in the Medical Benefits Chart are covered only if your doctor or other network
provider gets approval from us in advance (sometimes called prior authorization). Covered services
that need approval in advance are marked by a note in the Medical Benefits Chart.
• If your coordinated care plan provides approval of a prior authorization request for a course of
treatment, the approval must be valid for as long as medically reasonable and necessary to avoid
disruptions in care in accordance with applicable coverage criteria, your medical history, and the
treating provider’s recommendation.
Other important things to know about our coverage:
• You’re covered by both Medicare and Medicaid. Medicare covers health care and prescription
drugs. Medicaid covers your cost sharing for Medicare services, including payments of Medicare
Parts A & B premiums, deductibles, coinsurance and copayments (except for Medicare Part D)
depending on your Medical Savings Program eligibility. Medicaid may also cover services that
Medicare does not cover, such as long term care services or home and community‑based services.
• Like all Medicare health plans, we cover everything that Original Medicare covers. (To learn about
the coverage and costs of Original Medicare, go to your Medicare & You 2026 handbook. View it
online at Medicare.gov or ask for a copy by calling 1‑800‑MEDICARE (1‑800‑633‑4227). TTY users
call 1‑877‑486‑2048.)
• For preventive services covered at no cost under Original Medicare, we also cover those services at
no cost to you.
• If Medicare adds coverage for any new services during 2026, either Medicare or our plan will cover
those services.
• If you're within our plan’s 6‑month period of deemed continued eligibility, we'll continue to provide
all Medicare Advantage plan‑covered Medicare benefits. You will fall into the deeming period if you
lose your Medicaid eligibility or your Medicare Savings Program eligibility. The deeming period
begins the first day of the month after you lose your dual eligible status. When you are in the period
of deemed continued eligibility, you are still a member of Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D‑SNP).
However, during this period, you might be responsible for some out‑of‑pocket costs that were
previously paid for by your Medicaid benefits. Costs you might have to pay for include Part A or B
premiums, depending on your level of Medicaid eligibility. You might also have to pay for Part D
premiums or Part D drug cost shares based on your level of “Extra Help.” Lastly, you may be
responsible for cost shares, including copays, coinsurance, and deductibles during the deeming
period. If you don’t re‑qualify for Medicaid benefits or enroll in a different Medicare plan at the end of
the six‑month deeming period, we will disenroll you from Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D‑SNP).
You don’t pay anything for the services listed in the Medical Benefits Chart, as long as you meet the
coverage requirements described above.
Important Benefit Information for People Who Qualify for Extra Help:
• If you get Extra Help to pay your Medicare drug coverage costs, you may be eligible for other
targeted supplemental benefits and/or targeted reduced cost sharing.
Important Benefit Information for Enrollees with Chronic Conditions
• If you’re diagnosed with any of the chronic condition(s) listed below and meet certain criteria, you
may be eligible for special supplemental benefits for the chronically ill.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 37
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
Anemia
○
Autoimmune disorders limited to:
○
Dermatomyositis
○
Polyarteritis nodosa
○
Polymyalgia rheumatica
○
Polymyositis
○
Psoriatic arthritis
○
Rheumatoid arthritis
○
Scleroderma
○
Systemic lupus erythematosus
○
Cancer
○
Cardiovascular disorders limited to:
○
Cardiac arrhythmias
○
Coronary artery disease
○
Peripheral vascular disease
○
Valvular heart disease
○
Chronic alcohol use disorder and other substance use disorders (SUDS)
○
Chronic and disabling mental health conditions limited to:
○
Anxiety disorders
○
Bipolar disorders
○
Eating disorders
○
Major depressive disorders
○
Paranoid disorder
○
Post‑traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)
○
Schizophrenia
○
Schizoaffective disorder
○
Chronic conditions that impair vision, hearing (deafness), taste, touch and smell
○
Chronic gastrointestinal disease limited to:
○
Chronic liver disease
○
Hepatitis B
○
Hepatitis C
○
Irritable bowel syndrome
○
Inflammatory bowel disease
○
Non‑alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD)
○
Pancreatitis
○
Chronic heart failure
○
Chronic hyperlipidemia
○
Chronic hypertension
○
Chronic kidney disease (CKD) limited to:
○
CKD not requiring dialysis
○
CKD requiring dialysis/End‑stage renal disease (ESRD)
○
Chronic lung disorders limited to:
○
Asthma
○
Chronic bronchitis
○
Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD)
○

38 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
Cystic fibrosis
○
Emphysema
○
Pulmonary fibrosis
○
Pulmonary hypertension
○
Chronic pain
○
Conditions associated with cognitive impairment limited to:
○
Alzheimer’s disease
○
Disabling mental illness associated with cognitive impairment
○
Intellectual disabilities and developmental disabilities
○
Mild cognitive impairment
○
Traumatic brain injuries
○
Conditions that require continued therapy services in order for individuals to maintain or retain
○
functioning
Conditions with functional challenges and require similar services including the following:
○
Arthritis
○
Limb loss
○
Paralysis
○
Spinal cord injuries
○
Stroke
○
Dementia
○
Diabetes mellitus
○
HIV/AIDS
○
Immunodeficiency and immunosuppressive disorders
○
Neurologic disorders limited to:
○
Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS)
○
Chronic fatigue syndrome
○
Epilepsy
○
Extensive paralysis (i.e., hemiplegia, quadriplegia, paraplegia, monoplegia)
○
Fibromyalgia
○
Huntington’s disease
○
Multiple sclerosis (MS)
○
Parkinson’s disease
○
Polyneuropathy
○
Spinal cord injuries
○
Spinal stenosis
○
Stroke‑related neurologic deficit
○
Overweight, obesity, and metabolic syndrome
○
Post‑organ transplantation care
○
Severe hematologic disorders limited to:
○
Aplastic anemia
○
Chronic venous thromboembolic disorder
○
Hemophilia
○
Immune thrombocytopenic purpura
○
Myelodysplastic syndrome
○
Sickle‑cell disease (excluding sickle‑cell trait)
○

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 39
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
Stroke
○
• For more detail, go to the Special Supplemental Benefits for the Chronically Ill row in the below
Medical Benefits Chart below.
• Contact us to find out exactly which benefits you may be eligible for.
For a list of Medicaid benefits, please refer to the Summary of Benefits for more information on your
Medicaid benefits. You can find a copy of your plan’s Summary of Benefits on our website at
AetnaMedicare.com or call Member Services to request a copy. You may contact the state Medicaid
agency listed in Appendix A to determine your level of cost sharing for Medicaid benefits that are covered
for you.

40 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
This apple shows preventive services in the Medical Benefits Chart.
Medical Benefits Chart
Covered Service What you pay
There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
Abdominal aortic aneurysm screening
deductible for members eligible for this
A one‑time screening ultrasound for people at risk. Our plan
preventive screening.
only covers this screening if you have certain risk factors and if
you get a referral for it from your physician, physician assistant,
nurse practitioner, or clinical nurse specialist.
Acupuncture for chronic low back pain There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
Covered services include: deductible for each Medicare‑covered
acupuncture visit.
Up to 12 visits in 90 days are covered under the following
circumstances: $0 copay for each additional
non‑Medicare covered acupuncture
For the purpose of this benefit, chronic low back pain is defined visit.
as:
• lasting 12 weeks or longer;
• nonspecific, in that it has no identifiable systemic cause
(i.e., not associated with metastatic, inflammatory,
infectious disease, etc.);
• not associated with surgery; and
• not associated with pregnancy.
An additional 8 sessions will be covered for patients
demonstrating an improvement. No more than 20 acupuncture
treatments may be administered annually.
Treatment must be discontinued if the patient is not improving
or is regressing.
Provider Requirements:
Physicians (as defined in 1861(r)(1) of the Social Security Act (the
Act)) may furnish acupuncture in accordance with applicable
state requirements.
Physician assistants (PAs), nurse practitioners (NPs)/clinical
nurse specialists (CNSs) (as identified in 1861(aa)(5) of the Act),
and auxiliary personnel may furnish acupuncture if they meet all
applicable state requirements and have:
• a master's or doctoral level degree in acupuncture or
Oriental Medicine from a school accredited by the
Accreditation Commission on Acupuncture and Oriental
Medicine (ACAOM); and,
This benefit is continued on the next page.
Note: Cost sharing is based on your level of Medicaid eligibility.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 41
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
Covered Service What you pay
Acupuncture for chronic low back pain (continued)
• a current, full, active, and unrestricted license to practice
acupuncture in a State, Territory, or Commonwealth (i.e.,
Puerto Rico) of the United States, or District of Columbia.
Auxiliary personnel furnishing acupuncture must be under the
appropriate level of supervision of a physician, PA, or NP/CNS
required by our regulations at 42 CFR §§ 410.26 and 410.27.
In addition to Medicare‑covered benefits, we also offer:
• Acupuncture services to treat conditions in addition to
chronic lower back pain: up to twelve visits every year
Covered services must be performed by a licensed
acupuncturist.
An in‑network provider must determine medical necessity for
covered services. To locate a network provider, you may
contact Member Services at the phone number on your
member ID card or visit our online directory at aet.na/search. If
you choose to use a provider outside of the network, the
services you receive will not be covered.
Aetna® Medicare Extra Benefits Card There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
You get an Aetna Medicare Extra Benefits Card to help pay for deductible for the Aetna Medicare Extra
certain everyday expenses. Benefits Card.
On this card you can get:
An Over‑the‑Counter (OTC) Wallet with a monthly benefit
amount (allowance). See the Over‑the‑Counter (OTC) Wallet
section in Chapter 4 for more details.
Members with one or more qualifying chronic conditions may
be eligible to use their monthly benefit amount on other
spending categories to help manage their overall health and
wellness. See the Special Supplemental Benefits Chart
section in Chapter 4 for more details.
Important:
• The Aetna Medicare Extra Benefits Card does not replace
your member ID card.
• If you received an Extra Benefits Card in 2025 and have
not changed plans, you will not receive a new card for the
2026 plan year. Be sure to keep your card.
This benefit is continued on the next page.
Note: Cost sharing is based on your level of Medicaid eligibility.

42 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
Covered Service What you pay
Aetna® Medicare Extra Benefits Card (continued)
• If you are a new member or were not enrolled in a plan
with an Extra Benefits Card in 2025, you will receive a new
card in the mail. You should receive the card before your
plan starts. It will include instructions on how to activate
and use the card.
• If you change plans, you may receive a new card. Hold
onto your current card and do not throw it away unless
you get a new card.
• It is your responsibility to ensure that Aetna has the most
up‑to‑date mailing address on file. This includes your
apartment number, if applicable. Aetna is not responsible
for misdirected, lost, or undelivered mail.
• Keep your card safe and secure. Aetna is not responsible
for unused funds due to lost or stolen cards. If you need a
replacement card, please call 1‑844‑428‑8147 (TTY: 711)
to request a new card. In the meantime, you can access
certain benefits by visiting CVS.com/Aetna.
• The card can only be used at participating retailers that
accept Visa®. Find a participating retailer by visiting
CVS.com/Aetna.
• The card cannot be used to pay for prescription drugs or
products such as alcohol, tobacco, cannabis, firearms,
and gift cards.
• The card can only be used to pay for products and
services incurred while enrolled in the plan.
• Aetna is not responsible for unused funds due to personal
circumstances in which you cannot use your benefit
amount (e.g., hospital stay, travel, etc.).
• Unused funds will be forfeited. There will be no exceptions
to apply unused funds due to a lost or stolen card,
personal circumstances, or failure to provide your
accurate mailing address to Aetna.
For more information you can call 1‑844‑428‑8147 (TTY: 711) 7
days a week, 8 AM ‑ 8 PM local time excluding federal holidays
or visit CVS.com/Aetna.
Ambulance services There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
Covered ambulance services, whether for an emergency or deductible for Medicare‑covered
non‑emergency situation, include fixed wing, rotary wing, and ambulance services.
ground ambulance services, to the nearest appropriate facility
that can provide care if they’re furnished to a member whose
medical condition is such that other means of transportation
could endanger the person’s health or if authorized by our plan.
If the covered ambulance services aren't for an emergency
situation, it should be documented that the member’s condition
is such that other means of transportation could endanger the
person’s health and that transportation by ambulance is
medically required.
This benefit is continued on the next page.
Note: Cost sharing is based on your level of Medicaid eligibility.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 43
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
Covered Service What you pay
Ambulance services (continued)
Prior authorization is required for all non‑emergency
transportation, including fixed wing, rotary wing, and ground
ambulance services.
Annual routine physical $0 copay for an annual routine physical
The annual routine physical is an extensive physical exam exam.
including a medical history collection and it may also include
any of the following: vital signs, observation of general
appearance, a head and neck exam, a heart and lung exam, an
abdominal exam, a neurological exam, a dermatological exam,
and an extremities exam.
Coverage for this non‑Medicare covered benefit is in addition to
the Medicare‑covered annual wellness visit and the Welcome to
Medicare preventive visit. You may schedule your annual
routine physical once each calendar year.
Preventive labs, screenings, and/or diagnostic tests received
during this visit are subject to your lab and diagnostic test
coverage. (See Outpatient diagnostic tests and therapeutic
services and supplies for more information.)
There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
Annual wellness visit
deductible for the annual wellness visit.
If you’ve had Part B for longer than 12 months, you can get an
annual wellness visit to develop or update a personalized
prevention plan based on your current health and risk factors.
Our plan will cover the annual wellness visit once each calendar
year.
Note: Your first annual wellness visit can’t take place within 12
months of your Welcome to Medicare preventive visit. However,
you don’t need to have had a Welcome to Medicare visit to be
covered for annual wellness visits after you’ve had Part B for 12
months.
There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
Bone mass measurement
deductible for Medicare‑covered bone
For qualified people (generally, this means people at risk of
mass measurement.
losing bone mass or at risk of osteoporosis), the following
services are covered every 24 months or more frequently if
medically necessary: procedures to identify bone mass, detect
bone loss, or determine bone quality, including a physician’s
interpretation of the results.
There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
Breast cancer screening (mammograms)
deductible for covered screening
Covered services include:
mammograms.
• One baseline mammogram between the ages of 35 and
There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
39
deductible for diagnostic
mammograms.
This benefit is continued on the next page.
Note: Cost sharing is based on your level of Medicaid eligibility.

44 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
Covered Service What you pay
Breast cancer screening (mammograms) (continued)
• One screening mammogram each calendar year for
women aged 40 and older
• Clinical breast exams once every 24 months
Prior authorization may be required and is the responsibility
of your provider.
Cardiac rehabilitation services There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
Comprehensive programs of cardiac rehabilitation services that deductible for Medicare‑covered
include exercise, education, and counseling are covered for cardiac rehabilitation and intensive
members who meet certain conditions with a doctor’s order. cardiac rehabilitation services.
Our plan also covers intensive cardiac rehabilitation programs
that are typically more rigorous or more intense than cardiac
rehabilitation programs.
There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
Cardiovascular disease risk reduction visit (therapy for
deductible for the intensive behavioral
cardiovascular disease)
therapy cardiovascular disease
We cover one visit per year with your primary care doctor to
preventive benefit.
help lower your risk for cardiovascular disease. During this visit,
your doctor may discuss aspirin use (if appropriate), check your
blood pressure, and give you tips to make sure you’re eating
healthy.
There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
Cardiovascular disease screening tests
deductible for cardiovascular disease
Blood tests for the detection of cardiovascular disease (or
testing that is covered once every 5
abnormalities associated with an elevated risk of cardiovascular
years.
disease) once every 5 years (60 months).
There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
Cervical and vaginal cancer screening
deductible for Medicare‑covered
Covered services include:
preventive Pap and pelvic exams.
• For all women: Pap tests and pelvic exams are covered
once every 24 months
• If you're at high risk of cervical or vaginal cancer or you're
of childbearing age and have had an abnormal Pap test
within the past 3 years: one Pap test every 12 months
Chiropractic services There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
Covered services include: deductible for Medicare‑covered
chiropractic visits.
• We cover only manual manipulation of the spine to
correct subluxation
Chronic pain management and treatment services There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
Covered monthly services for people living with chronic pain deductible for Medicare‑covered
(persistent or recurring pain lasting longer than 3 months). chronic pain management and
Services may include pain assessment, medication treatment services.
management, and care coordination and planning.
This benefit is continued on the next page.
Note: Cost sharing is based on your level of Medicaid eligibility.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 45
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
Covered Service What you pay
Chronic pain management and treatment services
(continued)
Prior authorization may be required and is the responsibility
of your provider.
There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
Colorectal cancer screening
deductible for a Medicare‑covered
The following screening tests are covered:
colorectal cancer screening exam. This
is also known as a preventive
• Colonoscopy has no minimum or maximum age limitation
colonoscopy.
and is covered once every 120 months (10 years) for
patients not at high risk, or 48 months after a previous
flexible sigmoidoscopy for patients who aren't at high risk
for colorectal cancer, and once every 24 months for high
risk patients after a previous screening colonoscopy.
• Computed tomography colonography for patients 45 year
and older who are not at high risk of colorectal cancer and
is covered when at least 59 months have passed following
the month in which the last screening computed
tomography colonography was performed or 47 months
have passed following the month in which the last
screening flexible sigmoidoscopy or screening
colonoscopy was performed. For patients at high risk for
colorectal cancer, payment may be made for a screening
computed tomography colonography performed after at
least 23 months have passed following the month in
which the last screening computed tomography
colonography or the last screening colonoscopy was
performed.
• Flexible sigmoidoscopy for patients 45 years and older.
Once every 120 months for patients not at high‑risk after
the patient received a screening colonoscopy. Once every
48 months for high risk patients from the last flexible
sigmoidoscopy or computed tomography colonography.
• Screening fecal‑occult blood tests for patients 45 years
and older. Twice per calendar year.
• Screening Guaiac‑based fecal occult blood test for
patients 45 years and older. Twice per calendar year.
• Multitarget stool DNA for patients 45 to 85 years of age
and not meeting high risk criteria. Once every 3 years.
• Blood‑based Biomarker Tests for patients 45 to 85 years
of age and not meeting high risk criteria. Once every 3
years.
• Colorectal cancer screening tests include a follow‑on
screening colonoscopy after a Medicare covered
non‑invasive stool‑based colorectal cancer screening test
returns a positive result.
This benefit is continued on the next page.
Note: Cost sharing is based on your level of Medicaid eligibility.

46 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
Covered Service What you pay
Colorectal cancer screening (continued)
• Colorectal cancer screening tests include a planned
screening flexible sigmoidoscopy or screening
colonoscopy that involves the removal of tissue or other
matter, or other procedure furnished in connection with,
as a result of, and in the same clinical encounter as the
screening test.
Dental services There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
In general, preventive dental services (such as cleanings, deductible for Medicare‑covered dental
routine dental exams, and dental x‑rays) aren't covered by services.
Original Medicare. However, Medicare pays for dental services
in a limited number of circumstances, specifically when that Preventive dental services
service is an integral part of specific treatment of a person’s (non‑Medicare covered): For details on
primary medical condition. Examples include reconstruction of cost‑sharing for covered preventive
the jaw after a fracture or injury, tooth extractions done in services, see the dental schedule.
preparation for radiation treatment for cancer involving the jaw,
or oral exams prior to organ transplantation. Comprehensive dental services
(non‑Medicare covered): For details on
In addition, we cover the following non‑Medicare covered cost‑sharing for covered comprehensive
benefits: services, see the dental schedule.
Preventive dental services (non‑Medicare covered): For a list
of covered preventive services, see the dental schedule.
Comprehensive dental services (non‑Medicare covered): For
a list of covered comprehensive services, see the dental
schedule.
You get an annual benefit amount (allowance) of $2,000 for
covered preventive dental services and comprehensive dental
services combined. Covered services will be paid to the
provider up to the annual benefit amount (allowance). If you
exceed the benefit amount for covered services, you will be
responsible for those costs and will not be reimbursed.This
dental benefit uses the Aetna Dental PPO Network for covered
services. If you choose a provider outside of the Aetna Dental
PPO Network, services will not be covered.
See dental schedule for more details.
To find a provider in the dental network, visit
AetnaMedicare.com/H5325-004 or call the Member Services
number on your member ID card. Note: Your dental network is
different than your medical network. Only services received
from a network provider will be covered.
*Amounts you pay for preventive dental services do not apply to
This benefit is continued on the next page.
Note: Cost sharing is based on your level of Medicaid eligibility.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 47
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
Covered Service What you pay
Dental services (continued)
your maximum out‑of‑pocket amount.
*Amounts you pay for comprehensive dental services do not
apply to your maximum out‑of‑pocket amount.
There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
Depression screening
deductible for an annual depression
We cover one screening for depression per year. The screening
screening visit.
must be done in a primary care setting that can provide
follow‑up treatment and/or referrals.
There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
Diabetes screening
deductible for the Medicare‑covered
We cover this screening (includes fasting glucose tests) if you
diabetes screening tests.
have any of these risk factors: high blood pressure
(hypertension), history of abnormal cholesterol and triglyceride
levels (dyslipidemia), obesity, or a history of high blood sugar
(glucose). Tests may also be covered if you meet other
requirements, like being overweight and having a family history
of diabetes.
You may be eligible for up to 2 diabetes screenings every 12
months following the date of your most recent diabetes
screening test.
There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
Diabetes self‑management training, diabetic services and
deductible for Medicare‑covered
supplies
diabetes self‑management training,
For all people who have diabetes (insulin and non‑insulin users).
diabetic shoes/inserts or diabetic
Covered services include:
services and supplies.
• Supplies to monitor your blood glucose: blood glucose
monitor, blood glucose test strips, lancet devices and
lancets, and glucose‑control solutions for checking the
accuracy of test strips and monitors.
• For people with diabetes who have severe diabetic foot
disease: one pair per calendar year of therapeutic
custom‑molded shoes (including inserts provided with
such shoes) and 2 additional pairs of inserts, or one pair of
depth shoes and 3 pairs of inserts (not including the
non‑customized removable inserts provided with such
shoes). Coverage includes fitting.
• Diabetes self‑management training is covered under
certain conditions.
Important Blood Glucose Meter (BGM) Information:
We exclusively cover blood glucose meters and test strips
manufactured and distributed by Roche/Accu‑Chek and
TRUE/Trividia meters currently available. Meters and test strips
produced by other manufacturers may be covered if medically
necessary, such as large font or talking meters for the visually
impaired. Medical exceptions for the visually impaired may be
covered with an approved prior authorization.
This benefit is continued on the next page.
Note: Cost sharing is based on your level of Medicaid eligibility.

48 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
Covered Service What you pay
Diabetes self‑management training, diabetic services and
supplies (continued)
• Blood glucose meters and other testing supplies (e.g.,
lancing devices, lancets and test strips) can be obtained
with a prescription from a network pharmacy or Durable
Medical Equipment (DME) provider.
• Medical diabetic supplies; blood glucose meters, lancets
and control solutions are covered under your medical
coverage.
• Pharmacy diabetic supplies (e.g., alcohol swabs, lancets,
2x2 gauze, needles and syringes) are covered under your
prescription drug coverage. These diabetic supplies can
be found on your plan’s formulary guide.
• Prior authorization are required for more than one blood
glucose meter per year and/or test strips in excess of 100
strips for a one month supply and may be required for
diabetic shoes and inserts. Prior authorization is the
responsibility of your provider.
Durable medical equipment (DME) and related supplies There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
(For a definition of durable medical equipment, go to Chapter 12 deductible for Medicare‑covered
and Chapter 3.) durable medical equipment and related
supplies.
Covered items include, but aren't limited to: wheelchairs,
crutches, powered mattress systems, diabetic supplies, hospital
beds ordered by a provider for use in the home, IV infusion
pumps, speech generating devices, oxygen equipment,
nebulizers, and walkers.
We cover all medically necessary DME covered by Original
Medicare. Your provider must provide a prescription for
covered DME and obtain prior authorization if required.
In Original Medicare, there is a rental policy up to the purchase
price for certain types of DME after making copayments for the
rental period. The rental period typically lasts between 10 to 13
months. Once the purchase price is met, you can use the
equipment as long as it is needed. Once it is no longer needed,
the issuing provider will need to pick it up. Under certain limited
circumstances we will transfer ownership of the DME item to
you.
The most recent list of network DME pharmacies and suppliers
is available on our website at AetnaMedicare.com/dme.
This benefit is continued on the next page.
Note: Cost sharing is based on your level of Medicaid eligibility.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 49
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
Covered Service What you pay
Durable medical equipment (DME) and related supplies
(continued)
Continuous glucose monitors (CGMs) and supplies are available
through network DME providers. For a list of DME providers,
visit
Aetna.com/dsepublicContent/assets/pdf/en/DME_National
_Provider_Listing.pdf.
Dexcom and FreeStyle Libre continuous glucose monitors and
sensors are available without a prior authorization at network
pharmacies with a history of insulin usage in the past 6 months.
For those not using insulin as part of their treatment plan, prior
authorization will be required for monitors and sensors. Prior
authorization for monitors and sensors may apply as well as
exception requests if exceeding quantity limits that align to
Medicare coverage guidance.
Prior authorization may be required and is the responsibility
of your provider.
Emergency care There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
Emergency care refers to services that are: deductible for emergency care within
the United States.
• Furnished by a provider qualified to furnish emergency
services, and
• Needed to evaluate or stabilize an emergency medical There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
condition. deductible for emergency care
worldwide (i.e., outside the United
A medical emergency is when you, or any other prudent States).
layperson with an average knowledge of health and medicine,
believe that you have medical symptoms that require There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
immediate medical attention to prevent loss of life (and, if you're deductible for emergency ambulance
a pregnant woman, loss of an unborn child), loss of a limb, or services worldwide (i.e., outside the
loss of function of a limb. The medical symptoms may be an United States).
illness, injury, severe pain, or a medical condition that's quickly
getting worse. If you receive emergency care at an
out‑of‑network hospital and need
Cost sharing for necessary emergency services you get inpatient care after your emergency
out‑of‑network is the same as when you get these services condition is stabilized, you must have
in‑network. your inpatient care at the out‑of‑network
hospital authorized by the plan and your
In addition to Medicare‑covered benefits, we also offer: cost is the cost sharing you would pay at
a network hospital.
• Emergency care (worldwide)
• Emergency ambulance services (worldwide)
$250,000 annual maximum benefit for worldwide emergency,
emergency ambulance, and urgently needed care.
This benefit is continued on the next page.
Note: Cost sharing is based on your level of Medicaid eligibility.

50 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
Covered Service What you pay
Emergency care (continued)
You may have to pay the provider at the time of service and
submit for reimbursement. You will be reimbursed up to the
annual maximum benefit amount less any applicable copay or
cost share.
Fall prevention $0 copay for approved home and
You get a $150 annual benefit amount (allowance) to purchase bathroom safety products.
approved home and bathroom safety products. These products
can help you manage physical impairments and improve your
ability to move around your home. To learn more about this
benefit and order approved products, call 1‑866‑799‑3832
(TTY: 711) Monday through Friday, 8 AM ‑ 8 PM local time. Or
you can visit CVS.com/benefits.
Please note:
• You cannot place more than 3 orders per year.
• You cannot pay out‑of‑pocket if your purchase is above
your benefit amount.
• Products can only be purchased online or by phone.
Products will be shipped directly to you, and you are
responsible for any required assembly or installation.
Fitness: Annual fitness membership $0 copay for basic health club
You are covered for a basic membership to any SilverSneakers® membership/fitness classes at
participating fitness facility. If you do not reside near a participating SilverSneakers locations.
participating facility, or prefer to exercise at home, online
classes and at‑home fitness kits are available. You may order
one fitness kit per year through SilverSneakers.
Included with your basic SilverSneakers membership, you will
also have access to online enrichment classes to support your
health and wellness, as well as your mental fitness. Health and
wellness classes include, but are not limited to: cooking, food &
nutrition, and mindfulness. Mental fitness classes include, but
are not limited to: new skills, organization, self‑help, and staying
connected. These classes can be accessed online by visiting
SilverSneakers.com.
To get started, you will need your SilverSneakers ID number.
Please visit SilverSneakers.com or call SilverSneakers at
1‑855‑627‑3795 (TTY: 711) to obtain this ID number. Then,
bring this ID number with you when you visit a participating
fitness facility. Information about participating facilities can be
found by using the SilverSneakers website or by calling
SilverSneakers.
Important: You get a basic membership at any participating
SilverSneakers location. Facility amenities may vary by
This benefit is continued on the next page.
Note: Cost sharing is based on your level of Medicaid eligibility.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 51
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
Covered Service What you pay
Fitness: Annual fitness membership (continued)
participating location including but not limited to hours, days
and class types.
$0 copay for 24‑Hour Nurse Line
Health and wellness education programs
benefit.
24‑Hour Nurse Line: You can talk to a registered nurse 24
hours a day, 7 days a week on the 24/7 Nurse Line. They can
$0 copay for health education.
help with health‑related questions when your doctor is not
available. Call 1‑855‑493‑7019 (TTY: 711). The registered nurse
staff cannot diagnose, prescribe or give medical advice. If you
need urgent or emergency care, call 911 and/or your doctor
immediately.
* While only your doctor can diagnose, prescribe or give
medical advice, the 24‑Hour Nurse Line can provide information
on a variety of health topics.
Health education: You can meet with a certified health
educator or other qualified health professional to learn about
health and wellness topics like: diabetes management, nutrition
counseling, asthma education, and more. You have the option
to meet one‑on‑one, in a group, or virtually. Ask your provider
for information on how these services may help you.
Hearing services There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
Diagnostic hearing and balance evaluations performed by your deductible for Medicare‑covered
provider to determine if you need medical treatment are hearing services.
covered as outpatient care when you get them from a
physician, audiologist, or other qualified provider. $0 copay for each non‑Medicare
covered hearing exam.
In addition to Medicare‑covered benefits, we also offer:
$0 copay for each additional hearing aid
• Routine hearing exams: one exam every year fitting/evaluation.
• Hearing aid fitting/evaluation: one hearing aid
fitting/evaluation every year Hearing aids:
• Hearing aids: You get an annual benefit amount $0 copay per ear, per year (two hearing
(allowance) of $1,500 per ear, every year. This benefit aids every year).
amount can only be used to purchase hearing aids
through a NationsHearing® network provider. If the cost is
over the benefit amount, you pay the difference.
Routine hearing exam and hearing aids:
We have teamed up with NationsHearing to provide your
hearing exam and hearing aids. You must see a provider in the
NationsHearing network for your hearing exam and hearing
aids to be covered. Your hearing aid benefit amount can only be
used to purchase hearing aids through a NationsHearing
network provider. The benefit amount is applied to the hearing
aids at the time of purchase. If the cost is more than the benefit
amount, you pay the difference. You can schedule your hearing
This benefit is continued on the next page.
Note: Cost sharing is based on your level of Medicaid eligibility.

52 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
Covered Service What you pay
Hearing services (continued)
exam or hearing aid appointment with a NationsHearing
provider by calling 1‑877‑225‑0137 (TTY: 711). Representatives
are available 8:00 am to 8:00 pm local time, 7 days a week, with
the exception of holidays.
*Amounts you pay for hearing aids do not apply to your
maximum out‑of‑pocket amount.
There's no coinsurance, copayment, or
HIV screening
deductible for members eligible for
For people who ask for an HIV screening test or are at increased
Medicare‑covered preventive HIV
risk for HIV infection, we cover:
screening.
• One screening exam every 12 months
If you are pregnant, we cover:
• Up to 3 screening exams during a pregnancy
Home health agency care There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
Before you get home health services, a doctor must certify that deductible for members eligible for
you need home health services and will order home health Medicare‑covered home health agency
services to be provided by a home health agency. You must be care.
homebound, which means leaving home is a major effort.
There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
Covered services include, but aren't limited to: deductible for Medicare‑covered
durable medical equipment and
• Part‑time or intermittent skilled nursing and home health supplies.
aide services (to be covered under the home health care
benefit, your skilled nursing and home health aide
services combined must total fewer than 8 hours per day
and 35 hours per week.)
• Physical therapy, occupational therapy, and speech
therapy
• Medical and social services
• Medical equipment and supplies
Prior authorization may be required and is the responsibility
of your provider.
Home infusion therapy There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
Home infusion therapy involves the intravenous or deductible for Medicare‑covered home
subcutaneous administration of drugs or biologicals to a person infusion therapy professional services
at home. The components needed to perform home infusion (including certified home infusion
include the drug (for example, antivirals, immune globulin), providers), training and education, and
equipment (for example, a pump), and supplies (for example, monitoring.
tubing and catheters).
Prior to receiving home infusion services, they must be ordered
by a doctor and included in your care plan.
This benefit is continued on the next page.
Note: Cost sharing is based on your level of Medicaid eligibility.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 53
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
Covered Service What you pay
Home infusion therapy (continued)
Covered services include, but aren't limited to:
• Professional services, including nursing services,
furnished in accordance with our plan of care
• Patient training and education not otherwise covered
under the durable medical equipment benefit
• Remote monitoring
• Monitoring services for the provision of home infusion
therapy and home infusion drugs furnished by a qualified
home infusion therapy supplier
Hospice care When you enroll in a Medicare‑certified
You're eligible for the hospice benefit when your doctor and the hospice program, your hospice services
hospice medical director have given you a terminal prognosis and your Part A and Part B services
certifying that you’re terminally ill and have 6 months or less to related to your terminal prognosis are
live if your illness runs its normal course. You can get care from paid for by Original Medicare, not Aetna
any Medicare‑certified hospice program. Our plan is obligated Medicare Dual (HMO D‑SNP).
to help you find Medicare‑certified hospice programs in our
plan's service area, including programs we own, control, or have Hospice consultations are included as
a financial interest in. Your hospice doctor can be a network part of inpatient hospital care.
provider or an out‑of‑network provider.
Covered services include:
• Drugs for symptom control and pain relief
• Short‑term respite care
• Home care
For hospice services and services covered by Medicare Part
A or B that are related to your terminal prognosis: Original
Medicare (rather than our plan) will pay your hospice provider
for your hospice services and any Part A and Part B services
related to your terminal prognosis. While you're in the hospice
program, your hospice provider will bill Original Medicare for
the services Original Medicare pays for. You'll be billed Original
Medicare cost sharing.
For services covered by Medicare Part A or B not related to
your terminal prognosis: If you need non‑emergency,
non‑urgently needed services covered under Medicare Part A
or B that aren't related to your terminal prognosis, your cost for
these services depends on whether you use a provider in our
plan’s network and follow plan rules (like if there's a
requirement to get prior authorization).
This benefit is continued on the next page.
Note: Cost sharing is based on your level of Medicaid eligibility.

54 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
Covered Service What you pay
Hospice care (continued)
• If you get the covered services from a network provider
and follow plan rules for getting service, you pay only our
plan cost‑sharing amount for in‑network services
• If you get the covered services from an out‑of‑network
provider, you pay the cost‑sharing under Original
Medicare.
For services that are covered by Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO
D‑SNP) but not covered by Medicare Part A or B: Aetna
Medicare Dual (HMO D‑SNP) will continue to cover
plan‑covered services that aren't covered under Part A or Part B
whether or not they're related to your terminal prognosis. You
pay our plan cost‑sharing amount for these services.
For drugs that may be covered by our plan’s Part D benefit: If
these drugs are unrelated to your terminal hospice condition,
you pay cost sharing. If they're related to your terminal hospice
condition, you pay Original Medicare cost sharing. Drugs are
never covered by both hospice and our plan at the same time.
For more information, go to Chapter 5, Section 9.3.
Note: If you need non‑hospice care (care that is not related to
your terminal prognosis), you should contact us to arrange the
services.
Our plan covers hospice consultation services (one time only)
for a terminally ill person who hasn’t elected the hospice
benefit.
There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
Immunizations
deductible for the pneumonia,
Covered Medicare Part B services include:
flu/influenza, Hepatitis B, and COVID‑19
vaccines.
• Pneumonia vaccines
• Flu/influenza shots (or vaccines), once each flu/influenza
There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
season in the fall and winter, with additional flu/influenza
deductible for all other vaccines covered
shots (or vaccines) if medically necessary
under Medicare Part B.
• Hepatitis B vaccines if you're at high or intermediate risk
of getting Hepatitis B
• COVID‑19 vaccines
• Other vaccines if you're at risk and they meet Medicare
Part B coverage rules
We also cover most other adult vaccines under our Part D drug
benefit. Go to Chapter 6, Section 7 for more information.
Inpatient hospital care There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
Includes inpatient acute, inpatient rehabilitation, long‑term care deductible for covered inpatient hospital
hospitals and other types of inpatient hospital services. Inpatient care.
hospital care starts the day you're formally admitted to the
This benefit is continued on the next page.
Note: Cost sharing is based on your level of Medicaid eligibility.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 55
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
Covered Service What you pay
Inpatient hospital care (continued)
hospital with a doctor’s order. The day before you're discharged Your inpatient benefits will begin on day
is your last inpatient day. one each time you are admitted within
or to a specific facility type. A transfer
Days covered: There is no limit to the number of days covered within or to a facility including Inpatient
by our plan. Rehabilitation facilities, Long‑Term
Acute Care (LTAC) facilities, Inpatient
Covered services include but aren't limited to: Acute Care facilities, and Inpatient
Psychiatric facilities, is considered a new
• Semi‑private room (or a private room if medically admission.
necessary)
• Meals including special diets If you get authorized inpatient care at an
• Regular nursing services out‑of‑network hospital after your
emergency condition is stabilized, your
• Costs of special care units (such as intensive care or
cost is the cost sharing you'd pay at a
coronary care units)
network hospital.
• Drugs and medications
• Lab tests
• X‑rays and other radiology services
• Necessary surgical and medical supplies
• Use of appliances, such as wheelchairs
• Operating and recovery room costs
• Physical, occupational, and speech language therapy
• Inpatient substance abuse services
• Under certain conditions, the following types of
transplants are covered: corneal, kidney,
kidney‑pancreatic, heart, liver, lung, heart/lung, bone
marrow, stem cell, and intestinal/multivisceral. If you
need a transplant, we'll arrange to have your case
reviewed by a Medicare‑approved transplant center that
will decide whether you're a candidate for a transplant.
Transplant providers may be local or outside of the
service area. If our in‑network transplant services are
outside the community pattern of care, you may choose
to go locally as long as the local transplant providers are
willing to accept the Original Medicare rate. If Aetna
Medicare Dual (HMO D‑SNP) provides transplant services
at a location outside the pattern of care for transplants in
your community and you choose to get transplants at this
distant location, we'll arrange or pay for appropriate
lodging and transportation costs for you and a
companion.
• Blood – including storage and administration. Coverage of
whole blood and packed red cells starts with the first pint
of blood you need. All other components of blood are
covered starting with the first pint.
• Physician services
This benefit is continued on the next page.
Note: Cost sharing is based on your level of Medicaid eligibility.

56 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
Covered Service What you pay
Inpatient hospital care (continued)
Note: To be an inpatient, your provider must write an order to
admit you formally as an inpatient of the hospital. Even if you
stay in the hospital overnight, you might still be considered an
outpatient. If you're not sure if you're an inpatient or an
outpatient, ask the hospital staff.
Get more information in the Medicare fact sheet Medicare
Hospital Benefits. This fact sheet is available at
Medicare.gov/publications/11435-Medicare-Hospital-
Benefits.pdf or by calling 1‑800‑MEDICARE (1‑800‑633‑4227).
TTY users call 1‑877‑486‑2048.
Prior authorization may be required and is the responsibility
of your provider.
*Amounts you pay for blood do not apply to your maximum
out‑of‑pocket amount.
Inpatient services in a psychiatric hospital There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
Covered services include mental health care services that deductible for Medicare‑covered
require a hospital stay. inpatient mental health care.
Days covered: There is a 190‑day lifetime limit for inpatient Your inpatient benefits will begin on day
services in a psychiatric hospital. The 190‑day limit doesn't one each time you are admitted within
apply to inpatient mental health services provided in a or to a specific facility type. A transfer
psychiatric unit of a general hospital. within or to a facility including Inpatient
Rehabilitation facilities, Long Term
Prior authorization may be required and is the responsibility Acute Care (LTAC) facilities, Inpatient
of your provider. Acute Care facilities, and Inpatient
Psychiatric facilities, is considered a new
admission.
Inpatient stay: Covered services you get in a hospital or SNF There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
during a non‑covered inpatient stay deductible for covered services during a
If you’ve used up your skilled nursing facility benefits, or if the non‑covered inpatient stay.
skilled nursing facility or inpatient stay isn’t reasonable and
necessary, we won’t cover your inpatient stay. In some cases,
we’ll cover certain services you get while you’re in the hospital
or the skilled nursing facility (SNF). Covered services include,
but aren’t limited to:
• Physician services
• Diagnostic tests (like lab tests)
• X‑ray, radium, and isotope therapy including technician
materials and services
• Surgical dressings
• Splints, casts and other devices used to reduce fractures
and dislocations
This benefit is continued on the next page.
Note: Cost sharing is based on your level of Medicaid eligibility.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 57
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
Covered Service What you pay
Inpatient stay: Covered services you get in a hospital or SNF
during a non‑covered inpatient stay (continued)
• Prosthetics and orthotics devices (other than dental) that
replace all or part of an internal body organ (including
contiguous tissue), or all or part of the function of a
permanently inoperative or malfunctioning internal body
organ, including replacement or repairs of such devices
• Leg, arm, back, and neck braces; trusses, and artificial
legs, arms, and eyes including adjustments, repairs, and
replacements required because of breakage, wear, loss,
or a change in the patient’s physical condition
• Physical therapy, speech therapy, and occupational
therapy
Prior authorization may be required and is the responsibility
of your provider.
Meal benefit (post‑discharge) $0 copay for meals.
After you are discharged from a qualifying Inpatient Acute
Hospital, Inpatient Psychiatric Hospital, or Skilled Nursing
Facility stay, you may be eligible to get up to 14 freshly prepared
meals for a 7‑day period. These meals are provided to help
support your recovery or manage your health conditions.
We have teamed up with NationsMarket™ to provide this
benefit. After we confirm your eligibility, NationsMarket will
contact you to coordinate the delivery.
Note: Observation and outpatient stays do not qualify you for
this benefit. Meals must be scheduled for delivery within three
months of the qualifying discharge as long as you are enrolled
in the plan.
*Amounts you pay for meals do not apply to your maximum
out‑of‑pocket amount.
There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
Medical nutrition therapy
deductible for members eligible for
This benefit is for people with diabetes, renal (kidney) disease
Medicare‑covered medical nutrition
(but not on dialysis), or after a kidney transplant when ordered
therapy services.
by your doctor.
We cover 3 hours of one‑on‑one counseling services during the
first year you get medical nutrition therapy services under
Medicare (this includes our plan, any other Medicare Advantage
plan, or Original Medicare), and 2 hours each year after that. If
your condition, treatment, or diagnosis changes, you may be
able to get more hours of treatment with a physician’s order. A
physician must prescribe these services and renew their order
yearly if your treatment is needed into the next calendar year.
Note: Cost sharing is based on your level of Medicaid eligibility.

58 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
Covered Service What you pay
There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
Medicare Diabetes Prevention Program (MDPP)
deductible for the MDPP benefit.
MDPP services are covered for eligible people under all
Medicare health plans.
MDPP is a structured health behavior change intervention that
provides practical training in long‑term dietary change,
increased physical activity, and problem‑solving strategies for
overcoming challenges to sustaining weight loss and a healthy
lifestyle.
Medicare Part B drugs There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
These drugs are covered under Part B of Original Medicare. deductible for Medicare‑covered Part B
Members of our plan receive coverage for these drugs prescription drugs.
through our plan. Covered drugs include:
Part B drugs may be subject to step
• Drugs that usually aren’t self‑administered by the patient therapy requirements.
and are injected or infused while you get physician,
hospital outpatient, or ambulatory surgical center services
• Insulin furnished through an item of durable medical
equipment (such as a medically necessary insulin pump)
• Other drugs you take using durable medical equipment
(such as nebulizers) that were authorized by our plan
• The Alzheimer’s drug, Leqembi® (generic name
lecanemab), which is administered intravenously. In
addition to medication costs, you may need additional
scans and tests before and/or during treatment that could
add to your overall costs. Talk to your doctor about what
scans and tests you may need as part of your treatment
• Clotting factors you give yourself by injection if you have
hemophilia
• Transplant/immunosuppressive drugs: Medicare covers
transplant drug therapy if Medicare paid for your organ
transplant. You must have Part A at the time of the
covered transplant, and you must have Part B at the time
you get immunosuppressive drugs. Medicare Part D drug
coverage covers immunosuppressive drugs if Part B
doesn't cover them
• Injectable osteoporosis drugs, if you’re homebound, have
a bone fracture that a doctor certifies was related to
post‑menopausal osteoporosis, and can’t self‑administer
the drug
• Some antigens: Medicare covers antigens if a doctor
prepares them and a properly instructed person (who
could be you, the patient) gives them under appropriate
supervision
• Certain oral anti‑cancer drugs: Medicare covers some
oral cancer drugs you take by mouth if the same drug is
available in injectable form or the drug is a prodrug (an
oral form of a drug that, when ingested, breaks down into
This benefit is continued on the next page.
Note: Cost sharing is based on your level of Medicaid eligibility.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 59
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
Covered Service What you pay
Medicare Part B drugs (continued)
the same active ingredient found in the injectable drug) of
the injectable drug. As new oral cancer drugs become
available, Part B may cover them. If Part B doesn’t cover
them, Part D does.
• Oral anti‑nausea drugs: Medicare covers oral anti‑nausea
drugs you use as part of an anti‑cancer chemotherapeutic
regimen if they’re administered before, at, or within 48
hours of chemotherapy or are used as a full therapeutic
replacement for an intravenous anti‑nausea drug
• Certain oral End‑Stage Renal Disease (ESRD) drugs
covered under Medicare Part B
• Calcimimetic and phosphate binder medications under
the ESRD payment system, including the intravenous
medication Parsabiv®, and the oral medication Sensipar®
• Certain drugs for home dialysis, including heparin, the
antidote for heparin when medically necessary and
topical anesthetics
• Erythropoiesis‑stimulating agents: Medicare covers
erythropoietin by injection if you have End‑Stage Renal
Disease (ESRD) or you need this drug to treat anemia
related to certain other conditions (such as Epogen®,
Procrit®, Retacrit®, Epoetin Alfa, Aranesp®, Darbepoetin
Alfa, Mircera®, or Methoxy polyethylene glycol‑epoetin
beta)
• Intravenous Immune Globulin for the home treatment of
primary immune deficiency diseases
• Parenteral and enteral nutrition (intravenous and tube
feeding)
This link will take you to a list of Part B drugs that may be
subject to Step Therapy: Aetna.com/PartB-Step
We also cover some vaccines under our Part B and most adult
vaccines under our Part D drug benefit.
Chapter 5 explains our Part D drug benefit, including rules you
must follow to have prescriptions covered. What you pay for
your Part D drugs through our plan is explained in Chapter 6.
Prior authorization may be required and is the responsibility
of your provider.
There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
Obesity screening and therapy to promote sustained
deductible for preventive obesity
weight loss
screening and therapy.
If you have a body mass index of 30 or more, we cover intensive
counseling to help you lose weight. This counseling is covered if
you get it in a primary care setting, where it can be coordinated
with your comprehensive prevention plan. Talk to your primary
care doctor or practitioner to find out more.
Note: Cost sharing is based on your level of Medicaid eligibility.

60 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
Covered Service What you pay
Opioid treatment program services There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
Members of our plan with opioid use disorder (OUD) can get deductible for opioid treatment program
coverage of services to treat OUD through an Opioid Treatment services.
Program (OTP) which includes the following services:
• U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)‑approved opioid
agonist and antagonist medication‑assisted treatment
(MAT) medications
• Dispensing and administration of MAT medications (if
applicable)
• Substance use counseling
• Individual and group therapy
• Toxicology testing
• Intake activities
• Periodic assessments
Prior authorization may be required and is the responsibility
of your provider.
Outpatient diagnostic tests and therapeutic services and There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
supplies deductible for Medicare‑covered
Covered services include, but aren't limited to: outpatient diagnostic tests and
therapeutic services and supplies.
• X‑rays
• Radiation (radium and isotope) therapy including
technician materials and supplies
• Surgical supplies, such as dressings
• Splints, casts and other devices used to reduce fractures
and dislocations
• Laboratory tests
• Blood – including storage and administration. Coverage of
whole blood and packed red cells starts with the first pint
of blood you need. All other components of blood are
covered starting with the first pint.
• Diagnostic non‑laboratory tests such as CT scans, MRIs,
EKGs, and PET scans when your doctor or other health
care provider orders them to treat a medical problem.
• Other outpatient diagnostic tests
Prior authorization may be required and is the responsibility
of your provider.
*Amounts you pay for blood do not apply to your maximum
out‑of‑pocket amount.
Outpatient hospital observation There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
Observation services are hospital outpatient services given to deductible for Medicare‑covered
determine if you need to be admitted as an inpatient or can be outpatient hospital observation services.
discharged.
This benefit is continued on the next page.
Note: Cost sharing is based on your level of Medicaid eligibility.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 61
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
Covered Service What you pay
Outpatient hospital observation (continued)
For outpatient hospital observation services to be covered, they
must meet Medicare criteria and be considered reasonable and
necessary. Observation services are covered only when
provided by the order of a physician or another person
authorized by state licensure law and hospital staff bylaws to
admit patients to the hospital or order outpatient tests.
Note: Unless the provider has written an order to admit you as
an inpatient to the hospital, you're an outpatient and pay the
cost‑sharing amounts for outpatient hospital services. Even if
you stay in the hospital overnight, you might still be considered
an outpatient. If you aren't sure if you're an outpatient, ask the
hospital staff.
Get more information in the Medicare fact sheet Medicare
Hospital Benefits This fact sheet is available at
Medicare.gov/publications/11435-Medicare-Hospital-
Benefits.pdf or by calling 1‑800‑MEDICARE (1‑800‑633‑4227).
TTY users call 1‑877‑486‑2048.
Prior authorization may be required and is the responsibility
of your provider.
Outpatient hospital services There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
We cover medically necessary services you get in the deductible for Medicare‑covered
outpatient department of a hospital for diagnosis or treatment outpatient hospital services.
of an illness or injury.
Covered services include, but aren't limited to:
• Services in an emergency department or outpatient clinic,
such as observation services or outpatient surgery
• Laboratory and diagnostic tests billed by the hospital
• Mental health care, including care in a
partial‑hospitalization program, if a doctor certifies that
inpatient treatment would be required without it
• X‑rays and other radiology services billed by the hospital
• Medical supplies such as splints and casts
• Certain drugs and biologicals you can’t give yourself
Note: Unless the provider has written an order to admit you as
an inpatient to the hospital, you're an outpatient and pay the
cost‑sharing amounts for outpatient hospital services. Even if
you stay in the hospital overnight, you might still be considered
an outpatient. If you aren't sure if you're an outpatient, ask the
hospital staff.
Prior authorization may be required and is the responsibility
of your provider.
Note: Cost sharing is based on your level of Medicaid eligibility.

62 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
Covered Service What you pay
Outpatient mental health care There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
Covered services include: deductible for Medicare‑covered
outpatient mental health care services.
Mental health services provided by a state‑licensed psychiatrist
or doctor, clinical psychologist, clinical social worker, clinical
nurse specialist, licensed professional counselor (LPC), licensed
marriage and family therapist (LMFT), nurse practitioner (NP),
physician assistant (PA), or other Medicare‑qualified mental
health care professional as allowed under applicable state laws.
Prior authorization may be required and is the responsibility
of your provider.
Outpatient rehabilitation services There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
Covered services include physical therapy, occupational deductible for Medicare‑covered
therapy, and speech language therapy. outpatient rehabilitation services.
Outpatient rehabilitation services are provided in various
outpatient settings, such as hospital outpatient departments,
independent therapist offices, and Comprehensive Outpatient
Rehabilitation Facilities (CORFs).
Outpatient substance use disorder services There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
Our coverage is the same as Original Medicare’s which is deductible for Medicare‑covered
coverage for services that are provided in the outpatient outpatient substance use disorder
department of a hospital to patients who, for example, have services.
been discharged from an inpatient stay for the treatment of
substance use disorder or who require treatment but do not
require the availability and intensity of services found only in the
inpatient hospital setting. The coverage available for these
services is subject to the same rules generally applicable to the
coverage of outpatient hospital services.
Covered services include:
• Assessment, evaluation, and treatment for substance
use‑related disorders by a Medicare‑eligible provider to
quickly determine the severity of substance use and
identify the appropriate level of treatment.
• Brief interventions or advice focusing on increasing
insight and awareness regarding substance use and
motivation toward behavioral change.
Prior authorization may be required and is the responsibility
of your provider.
Outpatient surgery, including services provided at hospital There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
outpatient facilities and ambulatory surgical centers deductible for Medicare‑covered
Note: If you're having surgery in a hospital facility, you should outpatient surgery provided at an
check with your provider about whether you'll be an inpatient or outpatient hospital facility or ambulatory
outpatient. Unless the provider writes an order to admit you as surgical center.
an inpatient to the hospital, you're an outpatient and pay the
This benefit is continued on the next page.
Note: Cost sharing is based on your level of Medicaid eligibility.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 63
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
Covered Service What you pay
Outpatient surgery, including services provided at hospital
outpatient facilities and ambulatory surgical centers
(continued)
cost‑sharing amounts for outpatient surgery. Even if you stay in
the hospital overnight, you might still be considered an
outpatient.
Prior authorization may be required and is the responsibility
of your provider.
Over‑the‑Counter (OTC) Wallet There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
You get an Over‑the‑Counter (OTC) Wallet with a $225 monthly deductible for the Over‑the‑Counter
benefit amount (allowance) on the Aetna® Medicare Extra (OTC) Wallet.
Benefits Card to pay for:
• Approved over‑the‑counter (OTC) health and wellness
products including allergy medicine, pain relievers, first
aid supplies, and more. This benefit includes certain
nicotine replacement therapies.
• Approved OTC products can be purchased in‑store at
participating retail stores including CVS® retail locations
(excluding locations inside other stores) and online at
CVS.com/Aetna or by phone at 1‑844‑428‑8147 (TTY:
711).
Your monthly benefit amount will be available on the Aetna
Medicare Extra Benefits Card the first day of each month. Be
sure to use the full benefit amount each month, because any
unused benefit amount will not roll over into the next month nor
will it roll over into the next plan year. There are no exceptions to
request additional or unused funds to be added to your card.
Important: All products and services are subject to tax
(depending on your state). Your card balance will be used to
cover taxes. If there are not enough funds on your card to cover
the taxes, they will be your responsibility to cover. For more
information on the Aetna Medicare Extra Benefits Card, see the
Aetna Medicare Extra Benefits Card section in Chapter 4.
Partial hospitalization services and Intensive outpatient There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
services deductible for Medicare‑covered partial
Partial hospitalization is a structured program of active hospitalization services.
psychiatric treatment provided as a hospital outpatient service
or by a community mental health center that's more intense There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
than care you get in your doctor’s, therapist’s, licensed deductible for each Medicare‑covered
marriage and family therapist’s (LMFT), or licensed professional intensive outpatient visit.
counselor’s office and is an alternative to inpatient
hospitalization.
Intensive outpatient service is a structured program of active
behavioral (mental) health therapy treatment provided in a
This benefit is continued on the next page.
Note: Cost sharing is based on your level of Medicaid eligibility.

64 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
Covered Service What you pay
Partial hospitalization services and Intensive outpatient
services (continued)
hospital outpatient department, a community mental health
center, a federally qualified health center, or a rural health clinic
that's more intense than care you get in your doctor’s,
therapist’s, licensed marriage and family therapist’s (LMFT), or
licensed professional counselor’s office but less intense than
partial hospitalization.
Prior authorization may be required and is the responsibility
of your provider.
Personal emergency response system $0 copay for the personal emergency
We cover a personal emergency response system to provide response system.
you with access to help in the event of an emergency, 24 hours
a day, 7 days a week. This benefit includes the equipment
(in‑home, mobile with GPS, or smartwatch), shipping,
fulfillment, monitoring and customer service. Optional fall
detection and a medical alert lockbox for easier emergency
entry are also available. Call your Care Manager to learn more.
Or call Member Services at the number on your Member ID card
for assistance.
Physician/Practitioner services, including doctor’s office There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
visits deductible for Medicare‑covered
Covered services include: physician/practitioner services
(including telehealth services, home
• Medically necessary medical care or surgery services you infusion professional services, and
get in a physician’s office, certified ambulatory surgical urgently needed services).
center, hospital outpatient department, or any other
location
• Consultation, diagnosis, and treatment by a specialist
• Basic hearing and balance exams performed by your PCP
or specialist, if your doctor orders it to see if you need
medical treatment
• Certain telehealth services, as long as your provider can
offer these services via telehealth, including:
Primary care provider services
○
Physician specialist services
○
Diabetes self‑management training services
○
Kidney disease education services
○
Mental health services (individual sessions)
○
Mental health services (group sessions)
○
Occupational therapy services
○
Opioid treatment services
○
Outpatient substance use disorder services (individual
○
sessions)
Outpatient substance use disorder services (group
○
sessions)
This benefit is continued on the next page.
Note: Cost sharing is based on your level of Medicaid eligibility.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 65
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
Covered Service What you pay
Physician/Practitioner services, including doctor’s office
visits (continued)
Physical and speech therapy services
○
Psychiatric services (individual sessions)
○
Psychiatric services (group sessions)
○
Urgently needed services
○
• This coverage is in addition to the telehealth services
described below. For more details on your additional
telehealth coverage, please review your Aetna Medicare
Telehealth Coverage at AetnaMedicare.com/Telehealth
You have the option of getting these services through
○
an in‑person visit or by telehealth. If you choose to get
one of these services by telehealth, you must use a
network provider who offers the service by telehealth.
Not all providers offer telehealth services.
You should contact your doctor for information on
○
what telehealth services they offer and how to
schedule a telehealth visit. Depending on location, you
may also have the option to schedule a telehealth visit
24 hours a day, 7 days a week via Teladoc,
MinuteClinic® Video Visit, or other provider that offers
telehealth services covered under your plan. You can
access Teladoc at Teladoc.com/Aetna or by calling
1‑855‑TELADOC (1‑855‑835‑2362) (TTY: 711). You can
find out if MinuteClinic® Video Visits are available in
your area at CVS.com/MinuteClinic/virtual-
care/videovisit.
• Some telehealth services including consultation,
diagnosis, and treatment by a physician or practitioner,
for patients in certain rural areas or other places approved
by Medicare
• Telehealth services for monthly end‑stage renal
disease‑related visits for home dialysis members in a
hospital‑based or critical access hospital‑based renal
dialysis center, renal dialysis facility, or the member’s
home
• Telehealth services to diagnose, evaluate, or treat
symptoms of a stroke regardless of your location
• Telehealth services for members with a substance use
disorder or co‑occurring mental health disorder,
regardless of their location
• Telehealth services for diagnosis, evaluation, and
treatment of mental health disorders if:
You have an in‑person visit within 6 months prior to
○
your first telehealth visit
You have an in‑person visit every 12 months while
○
receiving these telehealth services
This benefit is continued on the next page.
Note: Cost sharing is based on your level of Medicaid eligibility.

66 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
Covered Service What you pay
Physician/Practitioner services, including doctor’s office
visits (continued)
Exceptions can be made to the above for certain
○
circumstances
• Telehealth services for mental health visits provided by
Rural Health Clinics and Federally Qualified Health
Centers
• Virtual check‑ins (for example, by phone or video chat)
with your doctor for 5‑10 minutes if:
You’re not a new patient and
○
The check‑in isn’t related to an office visit in the past 7
○
days and
The check‑in doesn’t lead to an office visit within 24
○
hours or the soonest available appointment
• Evaluation of video and/or images you send to your
doctor, and interpretation and follow‑up by your doctor
within 24 hours if:
You’re not a new patient and
○
The evaluation isn’t related to an office visit in the past
○
7 days and
The evaluation doesn’t lead to an office visit within 24
○
hours or the soonest available appointment
• Consultation your doctor has with other doctors by phone,
internet, or electronic health record
• Second opinion by another network provider prior to
surgery
Prior authorization may be required and is the responsibility
of your provider.
Podiatry services There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
Covered services include: deductible for Medicare‑covered
podiatry services.
• Diagnosis and the medical or surgical treatment of injuries
and diseases of the feet (such as hammer toe or heel $0 copay for each additional
spurs) non‑Medicare covered podiatry visit.
• Routine foot care for members with certain medical
conditions affecting the lower limbs
In addition to Medicare‑covered benefits, we also offer:
• Additional (non‑Medicare covered) podiatry services: up
to twelve visits every year
There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
Pre‑exposure prophylaxis (PrEP) for HIV prevention
deductible for each Medicare‑covered
If you don’t have HIV, but your doctor or other health care
PrEP service.
practitioner determines you're at an increased risk for HIV, we
cover pre‑exposure prophylaxis (PrEP) medication and related
services.
This benefit is continued on the next page.
Note: Cost sharing is based on your level of Medicaid eligibility.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 67
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
Covered Service What you pay
Pre‑exposure prophylaxis (PrEP) for HIV
prevention (continued)
If you qualify, covered services include:
• FDA‑approved oral or injectable PrEP medication. If
you’re getting an injectable drug, we also cover the fee for
injecting the drug.
• Up to 8 individual counseling sessions (including HIV risk
assessment, HIV risk reduction, and medication
adherence) every 12 months.
• Up to 8 HIV screenings every 12 months.
• A one‑time hepatitis B virus screening
There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
Prostate cancer screening exams
deductible for covered digital rectal
For men aged 50 and older, covered services include the
exam.
following once every 12 months:
There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
• Digital rectal exam
deductible for an annual PSA test.
• Prostate Specific Antigen (PSA) test
Prosthetic and orthotic devices and related supplies There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
Devices (other than dental) that replace all or part of a body part deductible for Medicare‑covered
or function. These include, but aren't limited to testing, fitting, or prosthetic and orthotic devices and
training in the use of prosthetic and orthotic devices; as well as related supplies.
colostomy bags and supplies directly related to colostomy care,
pacemakers, braces, prosthetic shoes, artificial limbs, and
breast prostheses (including a surgical brassiere after a
mastectomy). Includes certain supplies related to prosthetic
and orthotic devices, and repair and/or replacement of
prosthetic and orthotic devices. Also includes some coverage
following cataract removal or cataract surgery – go to Vision
Care later in this table for more detail.
Prior authorization may be required and is the responsibility
of your provider.
Pulmonary rehabilitation services There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
Comprehensive programs of pulmonary rehabilitation are deductible for Medicare‑covered
covered for members who have moderate to very severe pulmonary rehabilitation services.
chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and an order for
pulmonary rehabilitation from the doctor treating the chronic
respiratory disease.
There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
Screening and counseling to reduce alcohol misuse
deductible for the Medicare‑covered
We cover one alcohol misuse screening for adults (including
screening and counseling to reduce
pregnant women) who misuse alcohol but aren’t alcohol
alcohol misuse preventive benefit.
dependent.
This benefit is continued on the next page.
Note: Cost sharing is based on your level of Medicaid eligibility.

68 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
Covered Service What you pay
Screening and counseling to reduce alcohol misuse
(continued)
If you screen positive for alcohol misuse, you can get up to 4
brief face‑to‑face counseling sessions per year (if you’re
competent and alert during counseling) provided by a qualified
primary care doctor or practitioner in a primary care setting.
There is no coinsurance, coinsurance,
Screening for Hepatitis C Virus infection
copayment, or deductible for the
We cover one Hepatitis C screening if your primary care doctor
Medicare‑covered screening for the
or other qualified health care provider orders one and you meet
Hepatitis C Virus.
one of these conditions:
• You're at high risk because you use or have used illicit
injection drugs.
• You had a blood transfusion before 1992.
• You were born between 1945‑1965.
If you were born between 1945‑1965 and aren’t considered high
risk, we pay for a screening once. If you’re at high risk (for
example, you’ve continued to use illicit injection drugs since
your previous negative Hepatitis C screening test), we cover
yearly screenings.
There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
Screening for lung cancer with low dose computed
deductible for the Medicare‑covered
tomography (LDCT)
counseling and shared decision‑making
For qualified people, a LDCT is covered every 12 months.
visit or for the LDCT.
Eligible members are people age 50–77 who have no signs or
symptoms of lung cancer, but who have a history of tobacco
smoking of at least 20 pack‑years and who currently smoke or
have quit smoking within the last 15 years, who get an order for
LDCT during a lung cancer screening counseling and shared
decision‑making visit that meets the Medicare criteria for such
visits and be furnished by a physician or qualified non‑physician
practitioner.
For LDCT lung cancer screenings after the initial LDCT
screening: the members must get an order for LDCT lung
cancer screening, which may be furnished during any
appropriate visit with a physician or qualified non‑physician
practitioner. If a physician or qualified non‑physician
practitioner elects to provide a lung cancer screening
counseling and shared decision‑making visit for later lung
cancer screenings with LDCT, the visit must meet the Medicare
criteria for such visits.
There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
Screening for sexually transmitted infections (STIs) and
deductible for the Medicare‑covered
counseling to prevent STIs
screening for STIs and counseling for
We cover sexually transmitted infection (STI) screenings for
STIs preventive benefit.
chlamydia, gonorrhea, syphilis, and Hepatitis B. These
This benefit is continued on the next page.
Note: Cost sharing is based on your level of Medicaid eligibility.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 69
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
Covered Service What you pay
Screening for sexually transmitted infections (STIs) and
counseling to prevent STIs (continued)
screenings are covered for pregnant women and for certain
people who are at increased risk for an STI when the tests are
ordered by a primary care provider. We cover these tests once
every 12 months or at certain times during pregnancy.
We also cover up to 2 individual 20 to 30 minute, face‑to‑face
high‑intensity behavioral counseling sessions each year for
sexually active adults at increased risk for STIs. We only cover
these counseling sessions as a preventive service if they are
provided by a primary care provider and take place in a primary
care setting, such as a doctor’s office.
Services to treat kidney disease There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
Covered services include: deductible for Medicare‑covered
services to treat kidney disease and
• Kidney disease education services to teach kidney care conditions.
and help members make informed decisions about their
care. For members with stage IV chronic kidney disease There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
when referred by their doctor, we cover up to 6 sessions deductible for Medicare‑covered
of kidney disease education services per lifetime outpatient dialysis, self‑dialysis training,
• Outpatient dialysis treatments (including dialysis certain home support services, and
treatments when temporarily out of the service area, as home dialysis equipment and supplies.
explained in Chapter 3, or when your provider for this
service is temporarily unavailable or inaccessible) There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
• Inpatient dialysis treatments (if you’re admitted as an deductible for covered inpatient hospital
inpatient to a hospital for special care) care.
• Self‑dialysis training (includes training for you and anyone
helping you with your home dialysis treatments) Your inpatient benefits will begin on day
• Home dialysis equipment and supplies one each time you are admitted within
• Certain home support services (such as, when necessary, or to a specific facility type. A transfer
visits by trained dialysis workers to check on your home within or to a facility including Inpatient
dialysis, to help in emergencies, and check your dialysis Rehabilitation facilities, Long‑Term
equipment and water supply) Acute Care (LTAC) facilities, Inpatient
Acute Care facilities, and Inpatient
Certain drugs for dialysis are covered under Medicare Part B. Psychiatric facilities, is considered a new
For information about coverage for Part B Drugs, please go to admission.
Medicare Part B drugs in this table.
If you get authorized inpatient care at an
Prior authorization may be required and is the responsibility out‑of‑network hospital after your
of your provider. emergency condition is stabilized, your
cost is the cost sharing you'd pay at a
network hospital.
Skilled nursing facility (SNF) care There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
(For a definition of skilled nursing facility care, go to Chapter 12. deductible for Medicare‑covered skilled
Skilled nursing facilities are sometimes called SNFs.) nursing facility (SNF) care.
This benefit is continued on the next page.
Note: Cost sharing is based on your level of Medicaid eligibility.

70 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
Covered Service What you pay
Skilled nursing facility (SNF) care (continued)
Days covered: up to 100 days per benefit period. A prior hospital A benefit period begins the day you go
stay is not required. We will only cover your stay if you meet into a hospital or skilled nursing facility.
certain Medicare guidelines and your stay is medically The benefit period ends when you
necessary. haven’t received any inpatient hospital
care (or skilled care in a SNF) for 60 days
Covered services include but aren’t limited to: in a row. If you go into a hospital or a
skilled nursing facility after one benefit
• Semiprivate room (or a private room if medically period has ended, a new benefit period
necessary) begins. There is no limit to the number of
• Meals, including special diets benefit periods you can have.
• Skilled nursing services
• Physical therapy, occupational therapy and speech
therapy
• Drugs administered to you as part of our plan of care (this
includes substances that are naturally present in the
body, such as blood clotting factors.)
• Blood – including storage and administration. Coverage of
whole blood and packed red cells starts with the first pint
of blood you need. All other components of blood are
covered starting with the first pint.
• Medical and surgical supplies ordinarily provided by SNFs
• Laboratory tests ordinarily provided by SNFs
• X‑rays and other radiology services ordinarily provided by
SNFs
• Use of appliances such as wheelchairs ordinarily provided
by SNFs
• Physician/Practitioner services
Generally, you get SNF care from network facilities. Under
certain conditions listed below, you may be able to pay
in‑network cost sharing for a facility that isn’t a network
provider, if the facility accepts our plan’s amounts for payment.
• A nursing home or continuing care retirement community
where you were living right before you went to the
hospital (as long as it provides skilled nursing facility care)
• A SNF where your spouse or domestic partner is living at
the time you leave the hospital
Prior authorization may be required and is the responsibility
of your provider.
*Amounts you pay for blood do not apply to your maximum
out‑of‑pocket amount.
Note: Cost sharing is based on your level of Medicaid eligibility.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 71
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
Covered Service What you pay
There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
Smoking and tobacco use cessation (counseling to stop
deductible for the Medicare‑covered
smoking or tobacco use)
smoking and tobacco use cessation
Smoking and tobacco use cessation counseling is covered for
preventive benefits.
outpatient and hospitalized patients who meet these criteria:
$0 copay for each additional
• Use tobacco, regardless of whether they exhibit signs or
non‑Medicare covered smoking and
symptoms of tobacco‑related disease
tobacco use cessation visit.
• Are competent and alert during counseling
• A qualified physician or other Medicare‑recognized
practitioner provides counseling
We cover 2 cessation attempts per year (each attempt may
include a maximum of 4 intermediate or intensive sessions, with
the patient getting up to 8 sessions per year.)
In addition to Medicare‑covered benefits, we also offer:
• Additional (non‑Medicare covered) individual and group
face‑to‑face intermediate and intensive counseling
sessions: unlimited visits every year
Special Supplemental Benefits for the Chronically Ill See the Special Supplemental Benefits
You may be eligible for additional benefits. Please see the Chart for information.
Special Supplemental Benefits Chart following the Medical
Benefits Chart for information on benefits and eligibility
requirements.
Supervised Exercise Therapy (SET) There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
SET is covered for members who have symptomatic peripheral deductible for Medicare‑covered
artery disease (PAD). Supervised Exercise Therapy.
Up to 36 sessions over a 12‑week period are covered if the SET
program requirements are met.
The SET program must:
• Consist of sessions lasting 30‑60 minutes, comprising a
therapeutic exercise‑training program for PAD in patients
with claudication
• Be conducted in a hospital outpatient setting or a
physician’s office
• Be delivered by qualified auxiliary personnel necessary to
ensure benefits exceed harms and who are trained in
exercise therapy for PAD
• Be under the direct supervision of a physician, physician
assistant, or nurse practitioner/clinical nurse specialist
who must be trained in both basic and advanced life
support techniques
This benefit is continued on the next page.
Note: Cost sharing is based on your level of Medicaid eligibility.

72 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
Covered Service What you pay
Supervised Exercise Therapy (SET) (continued)
SET may be covered beyond 36 sessions over 12 weeks for an
additional 36 sessions over an extended period of time if
deemed medically necessary by a health care provider.
Urgently needed services There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
A plan‑covered service requiring immediate medical attention deductible for urgently needed services
that’s not an emergency is an urgently needed service if either in the United States.
you’re temporarily outside our plan’s service area, or, even if
you’re inside our plan’s service area, it’s unreasonable given There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
your time, place, and circumstances to get this service from deductible for each urgent care visit
network providers. Our plan must cover urgently needed worldwide (i.e., outside the United
services and only charge you in‑network cost sharing. States).
Examples of urgently needed services are unforeseen medical
illnesses and injuries, or unexpected flare‑ups of existing
conditions. Medically necessary routine provider visits (like
annual checkups) aren’t considered urgently needed even if
you’re outside our plan’s service area or our plan network is
temporarily unavailable.
In addition to Medicare‑covered benefits, we also offer:
• Urgent care (worldwide)
$250,000 annual maximum benefit for worldwide emergency
care, emergency ambulance, and urgently needed care.
You may have to pay the provider at the time of service and
submit for reimbursement. You will be reimbursed up to the
annual maximum benefit amount less any applicable copay or
cost share.
There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
Vision care
deductible for Medicare‑covered eye
Covered services include:
exams, glaucoma screenings or
eyewear.
• Outpatient physician services for the diagnosis and
treatment of diseases and injuries of the eye, including
$0 copay for one non‑Medicare covered
treatment for age‑related macular degeneration. Original
routine eye exam with an EyeMed
Medicare doesn’t cover routine eye exams (eye
provider.
refractions) for eyeglasses/contacts.
• For people who are at high risk for glaucoma, we cover
$0 copay for each follow‑up diabetic
one glaucoma screening each year. People at high risk for
eye exam.
glaucoma include people with a family history of
glaucoma, people with diabetes, African Americans who
are age 50 and older and Hispanic Americans who are 65
or older.
• For people with diabetes, screening for diabetic
retinopathy is covered once per year.
This benefit is continued on the next page.
Note: Cost sharing is based on your level of Medicaid eligibility.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 73
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
Covered Service What you pay
Vision care (continued)
• One pair of eyeglasses or contact lenses after each
cataract surgery that includes insertion of an intraocular
lens. If you have 2 separate cataract operations, you can’t
reserve the benefit after the first surgery and purchase 2
eyeglasses after the second surgery.
In addition to Medicare‑covered benefits, we also offer:
• Non‑Medicare covered eye exams (refractions): one
exam every year
• Follow‑up diabetic eye exam
*Amounts you pay for non‑Medicare covered routine eye
exams do not apply to your maximum out‑of‑pocket amount.
*Amounts you pay for follow‑up diabetic eye exams do not
apply to your maximum out‑of‑pocket amount.
Vision care — eyewear (non‑Medicare covered) Covered prescription eyewear:
With this plan you get an annual benefit amount (allowance) of • Contact lenses: $0 copay
$250 every year for prescription eyewear including: • Eyeglasses (lenses and frames): $0
copay
• Contact lenses • Eyeglass lenses: $0 copay
• Eyeglasses including lenses and frames • Eyeglass frames: $0 copay
• Upgrades (including UV protection and
• Eyeglass lenses
scratch coating): $0 copay
• Eyeglass frames
• Upgrades (including UV protection and scratch coating)
We have teamed up with EyeMed to provide this benefit.
You can only use your benefit amount (allowance) to purchase
covered eyewear at an EyeMed provider. Your benefit amount
is applied at the time of purchase. If your eyewear purchase is
more than your benefit amount, you’ll just need to pay the
difference.
To find a participating EyeMed provider, you can search online
at AetnaMedicareVision.com or call Aetna vision customer
service at 1‑844‑486‑3485 (TTY: 711).
*Amounts you pay for additional eyewear services do not apply
to your maximum out‑of‑pocket amount.
There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
Welcome to Medicare preventive visit
deductible for the Welcome to Medicare
Our plan covers the one‑time Welcome to Medicare preventive
preventive visit.
visit. The visit includes a review of your health, as well as
education and counseling about preventive services you need
(including certain screenings and shots (or vaccines)), and
This benefit is continued on the next page.
Note: Cost sharing is based on your level of Medicaid eligibility.

74 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
Covered Service What you pay
Welcome to Medicare preventive visit (continued)
referrals for other care if needed. There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
deductible for the Medicare‑covered
Important: We cover the Welcome to Medicare preventive visit EKG screening following the Welcome to
only within the first 12 months you have Medicare Part B. When Medicare preventive visit.
you make your appointment, let your doctor’s office know you
want to schedule your Welcome to Medicare preventive visit.
Wigs There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
You get a $400 benefit amount (allowance) every year for deductible for wigs for hair loss related
covered wigs needed for hair loss due to chemotherapy. You to chemotherapy.
can purchase wigs through a durable medical equipment (DME)
supplier or a supplier of your choice. You are responsible for any
costs over the benefit amount.
To find a DME supplier you can call the phone number on your
member ID card or visit our online directory at aet.na/search. If
you choose to use a supplier that is not in the DME network, you
will need to pay out‑of‑pocket and submit a claim for
reimbursement along with the receipt. You will only be
reimbursed up to the benefit amount. You can find the
reimbursement form at AetnaMedicare.com/forms.
Note: Cost sharing is based on your level of Medicaid eligibility.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 75
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
Special Supplemental Benefits Chart
Members enrolled in this plan may qualify for additional benefits. The chart below describes the eligibility
requirements and benefits that may be available.
Extra Supports Wallet
Eligibility requirements:
If you are diagnosed with one or more of the chronic conditions listed below and meet certain criteria, you
may be eligible for additional benefits under our plan to help manage your overall health and wellness.
Enrollment in the plan does not guarantee eligibility. You will receive Special Supplemental Benefits after
it is determined that you meet the eligibility requirements. However, you will not receive benefits for any
time period before your eligibility was determined.
• Anemia
• Autoimmune disorders limited to:
Dermatomyositis
○
Polyarteritis nodosa
○
Polymyalgia rheumatica
○
Polymyositis
○
Psoriatic arthritis
○
Rheumatoid arthritis
○
Scleroderma
○
Systemic lupus erythematosus
○
• Cancer
• Cardiovascular disorders limited to:
Cardiac arrhythmias
○
Coronary artery disease
○
Peripheral vascular disease
○
Valvular heart disease
○
• Chronic alcohol use disorder and other substance use disorders (SUDS)
• Chronic and disabling mental health conditions limited to:
Anxiety disorders
○
Bipolar disorders
○
Eating disorders
○
Major depressive disorders
○
Paranoid disorder
○
Post‑traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)
○
Schizophrenia
○
Schizoaffective disorder
○
• Chronic conditions that impair vision, hearing (deafness), taste, touch and smell
• Chronic gastrointestinal disease limited to:
Chronic liver disease
○
Hepatitis B
○
Hepatitis C
○
Irritable bowel syndrome
○
Inflammatory bowel disease
○
Non‑alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD)
○

76 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
Special Supplemental Benefits Chart
Eligibility requirements (continued)
Pancreatitis
○
• Chronic heart failure
• Chronic hyperlipidemia
• Chronic hypertension
• Chronic kidney disease (CKD) limited to:
CKD not requiring dialysis
○
CKD requiring dialysis/End‑stage renal disease (ESRD)
○
• Chronic lung disorders limited to:
Asthma
○
Chronic bronchitis
○
Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD)
○
Cystic fibrosis
○
Emphysema
○
Pulmonary fibrosis
○
Pulmonary hypertension
○
• Chronic pain
• Conditions associated with cognitive impairment limited to:
Alzheimer’s disease
○
Disabling mental illness associated with cognitive impairment
○
Intellectual disabilities and developmental disabilities
○
Mild cognitive impairment
○
Traumatic brain injuries
○
• Conditions that require continued therapy services in order for individuals to maintain or retain
functioning
• Conditions with functional challenges and require similar services including the following:
Arthritis
○
Limb loss
○
Paralysis
○
Spinal cord injuries
○
Stroke
○
• Dementia
• Diabetes mellitus
• HIV/AIDS
• Immunodeficiency and immunosuppressive disorders
• Neurologic disorders limited to:
Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS)
○
Chronic fatigue syndrome
○
Epilepsy
○
Extensive paralysis (i.e., hemiplegia, quadriplegia, paraplegia, monoplegia)
○
Fibromyalgia
○
Huntington’s disease
○
Multiple sclerosis (MS)
○
This is continued on the next page

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 77
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
Special Supplemental Benefits Chart
Eligibility requirements (continued)
Parkinson’s disease
○
Polyneuropathy
○
Spinal cord injuries
○
Spinal stenosis
○
Stroke‑related neurologic deficit
○
• Overweight, obesity, and metabolic syndrome
• Post‑organ transplantation care
• Severe hematologic disorders limited to:
Aplastic anemia
○
Chronic venous thromboembolic disorder
○
Hemophilia
○
Immune thrombocytopenic purpura
○
Myelodysplastic syndrome
○
Sickle‑cell disease (excluding sickle‑cell trait)
○
• Stroke
Self‑attestation is only available for new Aetna members by following the process below. Returning
member eligibility will be determined through medical claims review. This means you may not be
determined eligible for this benefit until after your plan start date. Returning members cannot self‑attest
to a diagnosis for the chronic conditions listed. However, returning members can submit a provider
attestation that confirms they have been diagnosed with one of the above conditions. If you have
questions about provider attestations, call the Member Services number on your member ID card.
Instructions for self‑attestation
As a new member, you can self‑attest to determine if you qualify for Special Supplemental Benefits by
calling Member Services at the number on your member ID card.
If you have questions about this benefit or your eligibility, call the Member Services number on your
member ID card.
What you must pay when you get
Benefits these services
After qualifying, the $225 monthly benefit amount in the There is no coinsurance,
Over‑the‑Counter (OTC) Wallet will change to the Extra Supports copayment, or deductible for the
Wallet with additional spending categories. Qualified members Extra Supports Wallet.
can use this wallet to help pay for:
• Healthy foods including meat, produce, dairy products, and
more.
Approved healthy food can be purchased in‑store at
○
participating retail stores and online at CVS.com/Aetna
or by phone at 1‑844‑428‑8147 (TTY: 711).
Examples of products that are not eligible include
○
tobacco, alcohol, candy, soda, and non‑food products.
This benefit is continued on the next page.

78 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
What you must pay when you get
Benefits these services
Extra Supports Wallet (continued)
• Over‑the‑counter (OTC) approved health and wellness
products including allergy medicine, pain relievers, first aid
supplies, and more. This benefit includes certain nicotine
replacement therapies.
Approved OTC products can be purchased in‑store at
○
participating retail stores including CVS® retail locations
(excluding locations inside other stores) and online at
CVS.com/Aetna or by phone at 1‑844‑428‑8147
(TTY: 711).
• Transportation including gas at the pump, public
transportation, and certain ride share services.
Gas must be purchased at the pump by swiping the card
○
and selecting credit as the payment type.
The card cannot be used to purchase gas or products
○
inside of a store at the gas station.
Gas purchases are subject to holds and funds may be
○
unavailable while that transaction is being processed.
For ride share services, you will need to download the
○
corresponding app and add the Aetna Medicare Extra
Benefits Card as your payment type.
• Utilities including gas, electric, water, sewer, landline, cell
phone, and internet service.
The utility provider must accept Visa®. Utility expenses
○
must be paid directly to the utility provider using the
card.
• Personal care products including paper towels, shampoo,
soap, and more.
Approved personal care products can be purchased
○
in‑store at participating retail stores including CVS®
retail locations (excluding locations inside other stores)
and online at CVS.com/Aetna or by phone at
1‑844‑428‑8147 (TTY: 711).
Your eligibility for this wallet must be determined by the 15th day of
the month in order to receive the benefit amount for that month. If
eligibility is determined after the 15th day of the month, the benefit
amount will be available the following month. Going forward, for
each month you are eligible, the benefit amount will be available on
the Aetna Medicare Extra Benefits Card the first day of each month.
Be sure to use the full benefit amount each month, because any
unused benefit amount will not roll over into the next month nor will
it roll over into the next plan year. There are no exceptions to
request additional or unused funds to be added to your card. This
will replace your OTC Wallet. You will not get any additional funds
applied to your card.
This benefit is continued on the next page.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 79
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
What you must pay when you get
Benefits these services
Extra Supports Wallet (continued)
Important: Aetna is not responsible for fees associated with late
utility payments. All products and services are subject to tax
(depending on your state). Your card balance will be used to cover
taxes. If there are not enough funds on your card to cover the taxes,
they will be your responsibility to cover. For more information on the
Aetna Medicare Extra Benefits Card, see the Aetna Medicare Extra
Benefits Card section in Chapter 4.

80 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
2026 Enhanced SNP EPO Mandatory
Dental Schedule of Benefits
Our plan offers supplemental dental benefits. This Schedule of Benefits describes your covered benefits
and services. You are responsible for cost shares listed in the table below when you’re treated by a dentist
who participates in our network. You will not have coverage if you go to an out‑of‑network dentist. If you
get a service not listed in the table, you will have to pay the full cost. You can take this document to verify
your coverage with your dentist. To locate a participating dentist, you can call Member Services or go
online at AetnaMedicare.com/dental.
Codes not listed in the chart below are not covered by your plan.
CDT Code Description Frequency In Network
D0120 periodic oral evaluation ‑ established patient Two D0120 or D0150 $0
per calendar year
D0140 limited oral evaluation ‑ problem focused Two D0140, D0180 or $0
D0461 per calendar
year
D0145 oral evaluation for a patient under three years of N/A $0
age and counseling with primary caregiver
D0150 comprehensive oral evaluation ‑ new or Two D0120 or D0150 $0
established patient per calendar year
D0160 detailed and extensive oral evaluation – problem N/A $0
focused, by report
D0170 re‑evaluation ‑ limited, problem focused N/A $0
(established patient; not post‑operative visit)
D0171 re‑evaluation – post‑operative office visit N/A $0
D0180 comprehensive periodontal evaluation ‑ new or Two D0140, D0180 or $0
established patient D0461 per calendar
year
D0190 screening of a patient N/A $0
D0191 assessment of a patient N/A $0
D0210 intraoral – comprehensive series of radiographic One D0210, D0330 or $0
images D0372 every 3 years
D0220 intraoral ‑ periapical first radiographic image N/A $0
D0230 intraoral ‑ periapical each additional N/A $0
radiographic image
D0240 intraoral ‑ occlusal radiographic image N/A $0

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 81
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
CDT Code Description Frequency In Network
D0250 extra‑oral – 2D projection radiographic image N/A $0
created using a stationary radiation source, and
detector
D0251 extra‑oral posterior dental radiographic image N/A $0
D0270 bitewing ‑ single radiographic image $0
D0272 bitewings ‑ two radiographic images $0
One set
D0270‑D0274, D0277
D0273 bitewings ‑ three radiographic images $0
or D0373 per calendar
year
D0274 bitewings ‑ four radiographic images $0
D0277 vertical bitewings ‑ 7 to 8 radiographic images $0
D0310 sialography N/A $0
D0320 temporomandibular joint arthrogram, including N/A $0
injection
D0321 other temporomandibular joint radiographic N/A $0
images, by report
D0322 tomographic survey N/A $0
D0330 panoramic radiographic image One D0210, D0330 or $0
D0372 every 3 years
D0340 2D cephalometric radiographic image – N/A $0
acquisition, measurement and analysis
D0350 2D oral/facial photographic image obtained N/A $0
intra‑orally or extra‑orally
D0364 cone beam CT capture and interpretation with N/A $0
limited field of view – less than one whole jaw
D0365 cone beam CT capture and interpretation with N/A $0
field of view of one full dental arch – mandible
D0366 cone beam CT capture and interpretation with N/A $0
field of view of one full dental arch – maxilla, with
or without cranium
D0367 cone beam CT capture and interpretation with N/A $0
field of view of both jaws; with or without
cranium
D0368 cone beam CT capture and interpretation for N/A $0
TMJ series including two or more exposures
D0369 maxillofacial MRI capture and interpretation N/A $0
D0370 maxillofacial ultrasound capture and N/A $0
interpretation

82 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
CDT Code Description Frequency In Network
D0371 sialoendoscopy capture and interpretation N/A $0
D0372 intraoral tomosynthesis – comprehensive series One D0210, D0330 or $0
of radiographic images D0372 every 3 years
D0373 intraoral tomosynthesis – bitewing radiographic One set $0
image D0270‑D0274, D0277
or D0373 per calendar
year
D0374 intraoral tomosynthesis – periapical radiographic N/A $0
image
D0380 cone beam CT image capture with limited field N/A $0
of view – less than one whole jaw
D0381 cone beam CT image capture with field of view N/A $0
of one full dental arch – mandible
D0382 cone beam CT image capture with field of view N/A $0
of one full dental arch – maxilla, with or without
cranium
D0383 cone beam CT image capture with field of view N/A $0
of both jaws; with or without cranium
D0384 cone beam CT image capture for TMJ series N/A $0
including two or more exposures
D0385 maxillofacial MRI image capture N/A $0
D0386 maxillofacial ultrasound image capture N/A $0
D0387 intraoral tomosynthesis – comprehensive series N/A $0
of radiographic images – image capture only
D0388 intraoral tomosynthesis – bitewing radiographic N/A $0
image – image capture only
D0389 intraoral tomosynthesis – periapical radiographic N/A $0
image – image capture only
D0391 interpretation of diagnostic image by a N/A $0
practitioner not associated with capture of the
image, including report
D0393 virtual treatment simulation using 3D image N/A $0
volume or surface scan
D0394 digital subtraction of two or more images or N/A $0
image volumes of the same modality
D0395 fusion of two or more 3D image volumes of one N/A $0
or more modalities
D0396 3D printing of a 3D dental surface scan N/A $0

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 83
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
CDT Code Description Frequency In Network
D0411 HbA1c in‑office point of service testing N/A $0
D0412 blood glucose level test – in‑office using a N/A $0
glucose meter
D0414 laboratory processing of microbial specimen to N/A $0
include culture and sensitivity studies,
preparation and transmission of written report
D0415 collection of microorganisms for culture and N/A $0
sensitivity
D0416 viral culture N/A $0
D0417 collection and preparation of saliva sample for N/A $0
laboratory analysis
D0418 analysis of saliva sample ‑ laboratory N/A $0
D0419 assessment of salivary flow by measurement N/A $0
D0422 collection and preparation of genetic sample N/A $0
material for laboratory analysis and report
D0423 genetic test for susceptibility to diseases – N/A $0
specimen analysis
D0425 caries susceptibility tests N/A $0
D0426 collection, preparation, and analysis of saliva N/A $0
sample – point‑of‑care
D0460 pulp vitality tests N/A $0
D0461 testing for cracked tooth Two D0140, D0180 or $0
D0461 per calendar
year
D0470 diagnostic casts N/A $0
D0472 accession of tissue, gross examination, N/A $0
preparation and transmission of written report
D0473 accession of tissue, gross and microscopic N/A $0
examination, preparation and transmission of
written report
D0474 accession of tissue, gross and microscopic N/A $0
examination, including assessment of surgical
margins for presence of disease, preparation
and transmission of written report
D0475 decalcification procedure N/A $0
D0476 special stains for microorganisms N/A $0
D0477 special stains, not for microorganisms N/A $0

84 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
CDT Code Description Frequency In Network
D0478 immunohistochemical stains N/A $0
D0479 tissue in‑situ hybridization, including N/A $0
interpretation
D0480 accession of exfoliative cytologic smears, N/A $0
microscopic examination, preparation and
transmission of written report
D0481 electron microscopy N/A $0
D0482 direct immunofluorescence N/A $0
D0483 indirect immunofluorescence N/A $0
D0484 consultation on slides prepared elsewhere N/A $0
D0485 consultation, including preparation of slides N/A $0
from biopsy material supplied by referring
source
D0486 laboratory accession of transepithelial cytologic N/A $0
sample, microscopic examination, preparation
and transmission of written report
D0502 other oral pathology procedures, by report N/A $0
D0600 non‑ionizing diagnostic procedure capable of N/A $0
quantifying, monitoring, and recording changes
in structure of enamel, dentin, and cementum
D0601 caries risk assessment and documentation, with N/A $0
a finding of low risk
D0602 caries risk assessment and documentation, with N/A $0
a finding of moderate risk
D0603 caries risk assessment and documentation, with N/A $0
a finding of high risk
D0604 antigen testing for a public health related N/A $0
pathogen, including coronavirus
D0605 antibody testing for a public health related N/A $0
pathogen, including coronavirus
D0701 panoramic radiographic image – image capture N/A $0
only
D0702 2‑D cephalometric radiographic image – image N/A $0
capture only
D0703 2‑D oral/facial photographic image obtained N/A $0
intra‑orally or extra‑orally – image capture only
D0705 extra‑oral posterior dental radiographic image – N/A $0
image capture only

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 85
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
CDT Code Description Frequency In Network
D0706 intraoral – occlusal radiographic image – image N/A $0
capture only
D0707 intraoral – periapical radiographic image – image N/A $0
capture only
D0708 intraoral – bitewing radiographic image – image N/A $0
capture only
D0709 intraoral – comprehensive series of radiographic N/A $0
images – image capture only
D0801 3D intraoral surface scan – direct N/A $0
D0802 3D dental surface scan – indirect N/A $0
D0803 3D facial surface scan – direct N/A $0
D0804 3D facial surface scan – indirect N/A $0
D1110 prophylaxis ‑ adult Two per calendar year $0
D1120 prophylaxis ‑ child N/A $0
D1206 topical application of fluoride varnish N/A $0
D1208 topical application of fluoride – excluding N/A $0
varnish
D1301 immunization counseling N/A $0
D1310 nutritional counseling for control of dental N/A $0
disease
D1320 tobacco counseling for the control and N/A $0
prevention of oral disease
D1321 counseling for the control and prevention of N/A $0
adverse oral, behavioral, and systemic health
effects associated with high‑risk substance use
D1330 oral hygiene instructions N/A $0
D1351 sealant ‑ per tooth N/A $0
D1353 sealant repair – per tooth N/A $0
D1354 application of caries arresting medicament – per N/A $0
tooth
D1355 caries preventive medicament application – per N/A $0
tooth
D1510 space maintainer ‑ fixed, unilateral – per N/A $0
quadrant
D1516 space maintainer ‑ fixed ‑ bilateral, maxillary N/A $0

86 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
CDT Code Description Frequency In Network
D1517 space maintainer ‑ fixed ‑ bilateral, mandibular N/A $0
D1520 space maintainer ‑ removable, unilateral ‑ per N/A $0
quadrant
D1526 space maintainer ‑ removable ‑ bilateral, N/A $0
maxillary
D1527 space maintainer ‑ removable ‑ bilateral, N/A $0
mandibular
D1551 re‑cement or re‑bond bilateral space maintainer ‑ N/A $0
maxillary
D1552 re‑cement or re‑bond bilateral space maintainer ‑ N/A $0
mandibular
D1553 re‑cement or re‑bond unilateral space N/A $0
maintainer ‑ per quadrant
D1556 removal of fixed unilateral space maintainer ‑ N/A $0
per quadrant
D1557 removal of fixed bilateral space maintainer ‑ N/A $0
maxillary
D1558 removal of fixed bilateral space maintainer ‑ N/A $0
mandibular
D1575 distal shoe space maintainer ‑ fixed, unilateral ‑ N/A $0
per quadrant
D2140 amalgam ‑ one surface, primary or permanent $0
D2150 amalgam ‑ two surfaces, primary or permanent $0
D2160 amalgam ‑ three surfaces, primary or $0
permanent
D2161 amalgam ‑ four or more surfaces, primary or $0
permanent
D2330 resin‑based composite ‑ one surface, anterior Two procedures from $0
this code group per
D2331 resin‑based composite ‑ two surfaces, anterior tooth every calendar $0
year
D2332 resin‑based composite ‑ three surfaces, anterior $0
D2335 resin‑based composite ‑ four or more surfaces $0
(anterior)
D2390 resin‑based composite crown, anterior $0
D2391 resin‑based composite ‑ one surface, posterior $0
D2392 resin‑based composite ‑ two surfaces, posterior $0

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 87
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
CDT Code Description Frequency In Network
D2393 resin‑based composite ‑ three surfaces, $0
posterior
D2394 resin‑based composite ‑ four or more surfaces, $0
posterior
D2410 gold foil ‑ one surface N/A $0
D2420 gold foil ‑ two surfaces N/A $0
D2430 gold foil ‑ three surfaces N/A $0
D2510 inlay ‑ metallic ‑ one surface $0
D2520 inlay ‑ metallic ‑ two surfaces $0
D2530 inlay ‑ metallic ‑ three or more surfaces $0
D2542 onlay ‑ metallic ‑ two surfaces $0
D2543 onlay ‑ metallic ‑ three surfaces $0
D2544 onlay ‑ metallic ‑ four or more surfaces $0
D2610 inlay ‑ porcelain/ceramic ‑ one surface $0
D2620 inlay ‑ porcelain/ceramic ‑ two surfaces $0
D2630 inlay ‑ porcelain/ceramic ‑ three or more $0
surfaces
One procedure from
D2642 onlay ‑ porcelain/ceramic ‑ two surfaces this code group per $0
tooth every 5 years
D2643 onlay ‑ porcelain/ceramic ‑ three surfaces $0
D2644 onlay ‑ porcelain/ceramic ‑ four or more $0
surfaces
D2650 inlay ‑ resin‑based composite ‑ one surface $0
D2651 inlay ‑ resin‑based composite ‑ two surfaces $0
D2652 inlay ‑ resin‑based composite ‑ three or more $0
surfaces
D2662 onlay ‑ resin‑based composite ‑ two surfaces $0
D2663 onlay ‑ resin‑based composite ‑ three surfaces $0
D2664 onlay ‑ resin‑based composite ‑ four or more $0
surfaces
D2710 crown ‑ resin‑based composite (indirect) $0
One procedure from
D2712 crown ‑ ¾ resin‑based composite (indirect) this code group per $0
tooth every 5 years
D2720 crown ‑ resin with high noble metal $0

88 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
CDT Code Description Frequency In Network
D2721 crown ‑ resin with predominantly base metal $0
D2722 crown ‑ resin with noble metal $0
D2740 crown ‑ porcelain/ceramic $0
D2750 crown ‑ porcelain fused to high noble metal $0
D2751 crown ‑ porcelain fused to predominantly base $0
metal
D2752 crown ‑ porcelain fused to noble metal $0
D2753 crown ‑ porcelain fused to titanium and titanium $0
alloys
D2780 crown ‑ 3/4 cast high noble metal $0
D2781 crown ‑ 3/4 cast predominantly base metal $0
D2782 crown ‑ 3/4 cast noble metal $0
D2783 crown ‑ 3/4 porcelain/ceramic $0
D2790 crown ‑ full cast high noble metal $0
D2791 crown ‑ full cast predominantly base metal $0
D2792 crown ‑ full cast noble metal $0
D2794 crown ‑ titanium and titanium alloys $0
D2799 interim crown – further treatment or completion N/A $0
of diagnosis necessary prior to final impression
D2910 re‑cement or re‑bond inlay, onlay, veneer or $0
partial coverage restoration
One procedure from
this code group per
D2915 re‑cement or re‑bond indirectly fabricated or $0
tooth per calendar
prefabricated post and core
year
D2920 re‑cement or re‑bond crown $0
D2921 reattachment of tooth fragment, incisal edge or N/A $0
cusp
D2928 prefabricated porcelain/ceramic crown – N/A $0
permanent tooth
D2929 prefabricated porcelain/ceramic crown – N/A $0
primary tooth
D2930 prefabricated stainless steel crown ‑ primary N/A $0
tooth
D2931 prefabricated stainless steel crown ‑ permanent N/A $0
tooth

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 89
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
CDT Code Description Frequency In Network
D2932 prefabricated resin crown N/A $0
D2933 prefabricated stainless steel crown with resin N/A $0
window
D2934 prefabricated esthetic coated stainless steel N/A $0
crown ‑ primary tooth
D2940 placement of interim direct restoration N/A $0
D2949 restorative foundation for an indirect restoration N/A $0
D2950 core buildup, including any pins when required $0
D2951 pin retention ‑ per tooth, in addition to $0
restoration
One procedure from
D2952 post and core in addition to crown, indirectly $0
this code group per
fabricated
tooth every 5 years
D2953 each additional indirectly fabricated post ‑ same $0
tooth
D2954 prefabricated post and core in addition to crown $0
D2955 post removal One per tooth per five $0
years
D2956 removal of an indirect restoration on a natural N/A $0
tooth
D2957 each additional prefabricated post ‑ same tooth One per tooth per five $0
years
D2960 labial veneer (resin laminate) ‑ direct $0
One procedure from
D2961 labial veneer (resin laminate) ‑ indirect this code group per $0
tooth every 5 years
D2962 labial veneer (porcelain laminate) ‑ indirect $0
D2971 additional procedures to customize a crown to N/A $0
fit under an existing partial denture framework
D2975 coping N/A $0
D2976 band stabilization – per tooth N/A $0
D2980 crown repair necessitated by restorative One per tooth per $0
material failure calendar year
D2981 inlay repair necessitated by restorative material One per tooth per $0
failure calendar year
D2982 onlay repair necessitated by restorative material One per tooth per $0
failure calendar year
D2983 veneer repair necessitated by restorative One per tooth per $0
material failure calendar year

90 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
CDT Code Description Frequency In Network
D2989 excavation of a tooth resulting in the N/A $0
determination of non‑restorability
D2990 resin infiltration of incipient smooth surface N/A $0
lesions
D2991 application of hydroxyapatite regeneration N/A $0
medicament – per tooth
D3110 pulp cap ‑ direct (excluding final restoration) N/A $0
D3120 pulp cap ‑ indirect (excluding final restoration) N/A $0
D3220 therapeutic pulpotomy (excluding final N/A $0
restoration) ‑ removal of pulp coronal to the
dentinocemental junction and application of
medicament
D3221 pulpal debridement, primary and permanent N/A $0
teeth
D3222 partial pulpotomy for apexogenesis ‑ permanent N/A $0
tooth with incomplete root development
D3230 pulpal therapy (resorbable filling) ‑ anterior, N/A $0
primary tooth (excluding final restoration)
D3240 pulpal therapy (resorbable filling) ‑ posterior, N/A $0
primary tooth (excluding final restoration)
D3310 endodontic therapy, anterior tooth (excluding $0
final restoration)
One procedure from
D3320 endodontic therapy, premolar tooth (excluding $0
this code group per
final restoration)
tooth per lifetime
D3330 endodontic therapy, molar tooth (excluding final $0
restoration)
D3331 treatment of root canal obstruction; non‑surgical N/A $0
access
D3332 incomplete endodontic therapy; inoperable, N/A $0
unrestorable or fractured tooth
D3333 internal root repair of perforation defects N/A $0
D3346 retreatment of previous root canal therapy ‑ $0
anterior
One procedure from
D3347 retreatment of previous root canal therapy ‑ $0
this code group per
premolar
tooth per lifetime
D3348 retreatment of previous root canal therapy ‑ $0
molar

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 91
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
CDT Code Description Frequency In Network
D3351 apexification/recalcification – initial visit (apical N/A $0
closure/calcific repair of perforations, root
resorption, etc.)
D3352 apexification/recalcification – interim N/A $0
medication replacement
D3353 apexification/recalcification ‑ final visit (includes N/A $0
completed root canal therapy ‑ apical
closure/calcific repair of perforations, root
resorption, etc.)
D3355 pulpal regeneration ‑ initial visit N/A $0
D3356 pulpal regeneration ‑ interim medication N/A $0
replacement
D3357 pulpal regeneration ‑ completion of treatment N/A $0
D3410 apicoectomy ‑ anterior N/A $0
D3421 apicoectomy ‑ premolar (first root) N/A $0
D3425 apicoectomy ‑ molar (first root) N/A $0
D3426 apicoectomy (each additional root) N/A $0
D3428 bone graft in conjunction with periradicular N/A $0
surgery – per tooth, single site
D3429 bone graft in conjunction with periradicular N/A $0
surgery – each additional contiguous tooth in the
same surgical site
D3430 retrograde filling ‑ per root N/A $0
D3431 biologic materials to aid in soft and osseous N/A $0
tissue regeneration in conjunction with
periradicular surgery
D3432 guided tissue regeneration, resorbable barrier, N/A $0
per site, in conjunction with periradicular
surgery
D3450 root amputation ‑ per root N/A $0
D3470 intentional re‑implantation (including necessary N/A $0
splinting)
D3471 surgical repair of root resorption ‑ anterior N/A $0
D3472 surgical repair of root resorption – premolar N/A $0
D3473 surgical repair of root resorption – molar N/A $0

92 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
CDT Code Description Frequency In Network
D3501 surgical exposure of root surface without N/A $0
apicoectomy or repair of root resorption –
anterior
D3502 surgical exposure of root surface without N/A $0
apicoectomy or repair of root resorption –
premolar
D3503 surgical exposure of root surface without N/A $0
apicoectomy or repair of root resorption – molar
D3910 surgical procedure for isolation of tooth with N/A $0
rubber dam
D3911 intraorafice barrier N/A $0
D3920 hemisection (including any root removal), not N/A $0
including root canal therapy
D3921 decoronation or submergence of an erupted N/A $0
tooth
D3950 canal preparation and fitting of preformed dowel N/A $0
or post
D4210 gingivectomy or gingivoplasty ‑ four or more N/A $0
contiguous teeth or tooth bounded spaces per
quadrant
D4211 gingivectomy or gingivoplasty ‑ one to three N/A $0
contiguous teeth or tooth bounded spaces per
quadrant
D4212 gingivectomy or gingivoplasty to allow access N/A $0
for restorative procedure, per tooth
D4230 anatomical crown exposure – four or more N/A $0
contiguous teeth or tooth bounded spaces per
quadrant
D4231 anatomical crown exposure – one to three teeth N/A $0
or tooth bounded spaces per quadrant
D4240 gingival flap procedure, including root planing ‑ N/A $0
four or more contiguous teeth or tooth bounded
spaces per quadrant
D4241 gingival flap procedure, including root planing ‑ N/A $0
one to three contiguous teeth or tooth bounded
spaces per quadrant
D4245 apically positioned flap N/A $0
D4249 clinical crown lengthening – hard tissue N/A $0

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 93
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
CDT Code Description Frequency In Network
D4260 osseous surgery (including elevation of a full N/A $0
thickness flap and closure) – four or more
contiguous teeth or tooth bounded spaces per
quadrant
D4261 osseous surgery (including elevation of a full N/A $0
thickness flap and closure) – one to three
contiguous teeth or tooth bounded spaces per
quadrant
D4263 bone replacement graft – retained natural tooth N/A $0
– first site in quadrant
D4264 bone replacement graft – retained natural tooth N/A $0
– each additional site in quadrant
D4265 biologic materials to aid in soft and osseous N/A $0
tissue regeneration, per site
D4266 guided tissue regeneration, natural teeth – N/A $0
resorbable barrier, per site
D4267 guided tissue regeneration, natural teeth – N/A $0
non‑resorbable barrier, per site
D4268 surgical revision procedure, per tooth N/A $0
D4270 pedicle soft tissue graft procedure N/A $0
D4273 autogenous connective tissue graft procedure N/A $0
(including donor and recipient surgical sites) first
tooth, implant, or edentulous tooth position in
graft
D4274 mesial/distal wedge procedure, single tooth N/A $0
(when not performed in conjunction with
surgical procedures in the same anatomical
area)
D4275 non‑autogenous connective tissue graft N/A $0
(including recipient site and donor material) first
tooth, implant, or edentulous tooth position in
graft
D4276 combined connective tissue and pedicle graft, N/A $0
per tooth
D4277 free soft tissue graft procedure (including N/A $0
recipient and donor surgical sites) first tooth,
implant or edentulous tooth position in graft
D4278 free soft tissue graft procedure (including N/A $0
recipient and donor surgical sites) each
additional contiguous tooth, implant or
edentulous tooth position in same graft site

94 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
CDT Code Description Frequency In Network
D4283 autogenous connective tissue graft procedure N/A $0
(including donor and recipient surgical sites) –
each additional contiguous tooth, implant or
edentulous tooth position in same graft site
D4285 non‑autogenous connective tissue graft N/A $0
procedure (including recipient surgical site and
donor material) – each additional contiguous
tooth, implant or edentulous tooth position in
same graft site
D4286 removal of non‑resorbable barrier N/A $0
D4322 splint – intra‑coronal; natural teeth or prosthetic N/A $0
crowns
D4323 splint – extra‑coronal; natural teeth or prosthetic N/A $0
crowns
D4341 periodontal scaling and root planing ‑ four or One procedure from $0
more teeth per quadrant this code group per
quad every 2 years
D4342 periodontal scaling and root planing ‑ one to $0
three teeth per quadrant
D4346 scaling in presence of generalized moderate or N/A $0
severe gingival inflammation – full mouth, after
oral evaluation
D4355 full mouth debridement to enable a One per lifetime $0
comprehensive periodontal evaluation and
diagnosis on a subsequent visit
D4381 localized delivery of antimicrobial agents via a N/A $0
controlled release vehicle into diseased
crevicular tissue, per tooth
D4910 periodontal maintenance Two per calendar year $0
following perio
therapy
D4920 unscheduled dressing change (by someone N/A $0
other than treating dentist or their staff)
D4921 gingival irrigation with a medicinal agent – per N/A $0
quadrant
D5110 complete denture ‑ maxillary $0
One procedure from
D5120 complete denture ‑ mandibular this code group, $0
including D5877 and
D5130 immediate denture ‑ maxillary D5878, per arch every $0
5 years
D5140 immediate denture ‑ mandibular $0

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 95
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
CDT Code Description Frequency In Network
D5211 maxillary partial denture – resin base (including, One procedure from $0
retentive/clasping materials, rests, and teeth) this code group per
arch every 5 years ‑
D5212 mandibular partial denture – resin base no limit to immediate $0
(including, retentive/clasping materials, rests, dentures D5227 and
and teeth) D5228
D5213 maxillary partial denture ‑ cast metal framework $0
with resin denture bases (including
retentive/clasping materials, rests and teeth)
D5214 mandibular partial denture ‑ cast metal $0
framework with resin denture bases (including
retentive/clasping materials, rests and teeth)
D5221 immediate maxillary partial denture ‑ resin base $0
(including retentive/clasping materials, rests
and teeth)
D5222 immediate mandibular partial denture ‑ resin $0
base (including retentive/clasping materials,
rests and teeth)
D5223 immediate maxillary partial denture ‑ cast metal $0
framework with resin denture bases (including
retentive/clasping materials, rests and teeth)
D5224 immediate mandibular partial denture ‑ cast $0
metal framework with resin denture bases
(including retentive/clasping materials, rests
and teeth)
D5225 maxillary partial denture ‑ flexible base $0
(including retentive/clasping materials, rests,
and teeth)
D5226 mandibular partial denture ‑ flexible base $0
(including retentive/clasping materials, rests,
and teeth)
D5227 immediate maxillary partial denture ‑ flexible $0
base (including any clasps, rests and teeth)
D5228 immediate mandibular partial denture ‑ flexible $0
base (including any clasps, rests and teeth)
D5282 removable unilateral partial denture – one piece $0
cast metal (including retentive/clasping
materials, rests, and teeth), maxillary
D5283 removable unilateral partial denture – one piece $0
cast metal (including retentive/clasping
materials, rests, and teeth), mandibular

96 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
CDT Code Description Frequency In Network
D5284 removable unilateral partial denture – one piece $0
flexible base (including retentive/clasping
materials, rests, and teeth) – per quadrant
D5286 removable unilateral partial denture – one piece $0
resin (including retentive/clasping materials,
rests, and teeth) – per quadrant
D5410 adjust complete denture ‑ maxillary N/A $0
D5411 adjust complete denture ‑ mandibular N/A $0
D5421 adjust partial denture ‑ maxillary N/A $0
D5422 adjust partial denture ‑ mandibular N/A $0
D5511 repair broken complete denture base, N/A $0
mandibular
D5512 repair broken complete denture base, maxillary N/A $0
D5520 replace missing or broken teeth – complete N/A $0
denture – per tooth
D5611 repair resin partial denture base, mandibular N/A $0
D5612 repair resin partial denture base, maxillary N/A $0
D5621 repair cast partial framework, mandibular N/A $0
D5622 repair cast partial framework, maxillary N/A $0
D5630 repair or replace broken retentive clasping N/A $0
materials – per tooth
D5640 replace missing or broken teeth – partial denture N/A $0
– per tooth
D5650 add tooth to existing partial denture – per tooth N/A $0
D5660 add clasp to existing partial denture ‑ per tooth N/A $0
D5670 replace all teeth and acrylic on cast metal N/A $0
framework (maxillary)
D5671 replace all teeth and acrylic on cast metal N/A $0
framework (mandibular)
D5710 rebase complete maxillary denture N/A $0
D5711 rebase complete mandibular denture N/A $0
D5720 rebase maxillary partial denture N/A $0
D5721 rebase mandibular partial denture N/A $0
D5725 rebase hybrid prosthesis N/A $0

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 97
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
CDT Code Description Frequency In Network
D5730 reline complete maxillary denture (direct) N/A $0
D5731 reline complete mandibular denture (direct) N/A $0
D5740 reline maxillary partial denture (direct) N/A $0
D5741 reline mandibular partial denture (direct) N/A $0
D5750 reline complete maxillary denture (indirect) N/A $0
D5751 reline complete mandibular denture (indirect) N/A $0
D5760 reline maxillary partial denture (indirect) N/A $0
D5761 reline mandibular partial denture (indirect) N/A $0
D5765 soft liner for complete or partial removable N/A $0
denture – indirect
D5810 interim complete denture (maxillary) N/A $0
D5811 interim complete denture (mandibular) N/A $0
D5820 interim partial denture (including N/A $0
retentive/clasping materials, rests, and teeth),
maxillary
D5821 interim partial denture (including N/A $0
retentive/clasping materials, rests, and teeth),
mandibular
D5850 tissue conditioning, maxillary N/A $0
D5851 tissue conditioning, mandibular N/A $0
D5862 precision attachment, by report N/A $0
D5863 overdenture – complete maxillary ‑ natural tooth N/A $0
borne
D5864 overdenture – partial maxillary ‑ natural tooth N/A $0
borne
D5865 overdenture – complete mandibular ‑ natural N/A $0
tooth borne
D5866 overdenture – partial mandibular ‑ natural tooth N/A $0
borne
D5867 replacement of replaceable part of N/A $0
semi‑precision or precision attachment of
natural tooth borne prosthesis, per attachment
D5876 add metal substructure to acrylic complete N/A $0
denture ‑ per arch

98 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
CDT Code Description Frequency In Network
D5877 duplication of complete denture ‑ maxillary One procedure from $0
this code group
including D5110,
D5120, D5130, and
D5140, per arch every
5 years
D5878 duplication of complete denture ‑ mandibular One procedure from $0
this code group
including D5110,
D5120, D5130, and
D5140, per arch every
5 years
D5991 vesiculobullous disease medicament carrier N/A $0
D5992 adjust maxillofacial prosthetic appliance, by N/A $0
report
D5993 maintenance and cleaning of a maxillofacial N/A $0
prosthesis (extra‑ or intra‑oral) other than
required adjustments, by report
D5995 periodontal medicament carrier with peripheral N/A $0
seal – laboratory processed – maxillary
D5996 periodontal medicament carrier with peripheral N/A $0
seal – laboratory processed – mandibular
D6205 pontic ‑ indirect resin based composite $0
D6210 pontic ‑ cast high noble metal $0
D6211 pontic ‑ cast predominantly base metal $0
D6212 pontic ‑ cast noble metal $0
D6214 pontic ‑ titanium and titanium alloys $0
D6240 pontic ‑ porcelain fused to high noble metal $0
D6241 pontic ‑ porcelain fused to predominantly base One procedure from $0
metal this code group per
tooth every 5 years
D6242 pontic ‑ porcelain fused to noble metal $0
D6243 pontic ‑ porcelain fused to titanium and titanium $0
alloys
D6245 pontic ‑ porcelain/ceramic $0
D6250 pontic ‑ resin with high noble metal $0
D6251 pontic ‑ resin with predominantly base metal $0
D6252 pontic ‑ resin with noble metal $0

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 99
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
CDT Code Description Frequency In Network
D6253 interim pontic ‑ further treatment or completion N/A $0
of diagnosis necessary prior to final impression
D6545 retainer ‑ cast metal for resin bonded fixed $0
prosthesis One D6545, D6548 or
D6720‑D6792 per
D6548 retainer ‑ porcelain/ceramic for resin bonded tooth per 5 years $0
fixed prosthesis
D6549 retainer – resin bonded fixed prosthesis N/A $0
D6600 retainer inlay ‑ porcelain/ceramic, two surfaces N/A $0
D6601 retainer inlay ‑ porcelain/ceramic, three or more $0
surfaces
D6602 retainer inlay ‑ cast high noble metal, two $0
surfaces
D6603 retainer inlay ‑ cast high noble metal, three or $0
more surfaces
D6604 retainer inlay ‑ cast predominantly base metal, $0
two surfaces
D6605 retainer inlay ‑ cast predominantly base metal, $0
three or more surfaces
D6606 retainer inlay ‑ cast noble metal, two surfaces $0
D6607 retainer inlay ‑ cast noble metal, three or more $0
surfaces
D6608 retainer onlay ‑ porcelain/ceramic, two surfaces One procedure from $0
this code group per
D6609 retainer onlay ‑ porcelain/ceramic, three or tooth every 5 years $0
more surfaces
D6610 retainer onlay ‑ cast high noble metal, two $0
surfaces
D6611 retainer onlay ‑ cast high noble metal, three or $0
more surfaces
D6612 retainer onlay ‑ cast predominantly base metal, $0
two surfaces
D6613 retainer onlay ‑ cast predominantly base metal, $0
three or more surfaces
D6614 retainer onlay ‑ cast noble metal, two surfaces $0
D6615 retainer onlay ‑ cast noble metal, three or more $0
surfaces
D6624 retainer inlay ‑ titanium $0

100 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
CDT Code Description Frequency In Network
D6634 retainer onlay ‑ titanium $0
D6710 retainer crown ‑ indirect resin based composite N/A $0
D6720 retainer crown ‑ resin with high noble metal $0
D6721 retainer crown ‑ resin with predominantly base $0
metal
D6722 retainer crown ‑ resin with noble metal $0
D6740 retainer crown ‑ porcelain/ceramic $0
D6750 retainer crown ‑ porcelain fused to high noble $0
metal
D6751 retainer crown ‑ porcelain fused to $0
predominantly base metal
D6752 retainer crown ‑ porcelain fused to noble metal $0
D6753 retainer crown ‑ porcelain fused to titanium and One D6545, D6548 or $0
titanium alloys D6720‑D6792 per
tooth per 5 years
D6780 retainer crown ‑ 3/4 cast high noble metal $0
D6781 retainer crown ‑ 3/4 cast predominantly base $0
metal
D6782 retainer crown ‑ 3/4 cast noble metal $0
D6783 retainer crown ‑ 3/4 porcelain/ceramic $0
D6784 retainer crown ¾ ‑ titanium and titanium alloys $0
D6790 retainer crown ‑ full cast high noble metal $0
D6791 retainer crown ‑ full cast predominantly base $0
metal
D6792 retainer crown ‑ full cast noble metal $0
D6793 interim retainer crown ‑ further treatment or N/A $0
completion of diagnosis necessary prior to final
impression
D6794 retainer crown ‑ titanium and titanium alloys N/A $0
D6920 connector bar N/A $0
D6930 re‑cement or re‑bond fixed partial denture N/A $0
D6940 stress breaker N/A $0
D6950 precision attachment N/A $0
D6980 fixed partial denture repair necessitated by N/A $0
restorative material failure

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 101
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
CDT Code Description Frequency In Network
D6985 pediatric partial denture, fixed N/A $0
D7111 extraction, coronal remnants – primary tooth $0
D7140 extraction, erupted tooth or exposed root $0
(elevation and/or forceps removal)
D7210 extraction, erupted tooth requiring removal of $0
bone and/or sectioning of tooth, and including
elevation of mucoperiosteal flap if indicated
D7220 removal of impacted tooth ‑ soft tissue $0
One extraction per
D7230 removal of impacted tooth ‑ partially bony $0
tooth per lifetime
D7240 removal of impacted tooth ‑ completely bony $0
D7241 removal of impacted tooth ‑ completely bony, $0
with unusual surgical complications
D7250 removal of residual tooth roots (cutting $0
procedure)
D7251 coronectomy – intentional partial tooth removal, $0
impacted teeth only
D7260 oroantral fistula closure N/A $0
D7261 placement of temporary anchorage device N/A $0
[screw retained plate] requiring flap
D7272 tooth transplantation (includes re‑implantation N/A $0
from one site to another and splinting and/or
stabilization)
D7280 exposure of an unerupted tooth N/A $0
D7282 mobilization of erupted or malpositioned tooth to N/A $0
aid eruption
D7283 placement of device to facilitate eruption of N/A $0
impacted tooth
D7290 surgical repositioning of teeth N/A $0
D7291 transseptal fiberotomy/supra crestal fiberotomy, N/A $0
by report
D7292 placement of temporary anchorage device N/A $0
[screw retained plate] requiring flap
D7293 placement of temporary anchorage device N/A $0
requiring flap
D7294 placement of temporary anchorage device N/A $0
without flap

102 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
CDT Code Description Frequency In Network
D7298 removal of temporary anchorage device [screw N/A $0
retained plate], requiring flap
D7299 removal of temporary anchorage device, N/A $0
requiring flap
D7300 removal of temporary anchorage device without N/A $0
flap
D7310 alveoloplasty in conjunction with extractions ‑ N/A $0
four or more teeth or tooth spaces, per quadrant
D7311 alveoloplasty in conjunction with extractions ‑ N/A $0
one to three teeth or tooth spaces, per quadrant
D7320 alveoloplasty not in conjunction with extractions ‑ N/A $0
four or more teeth or tooth spaces, per quadrant
D7321 alveoloplasty not in conjunction with extractions ‑ N/A $0
one to three teeth or tooth spaces, per quadrant
D7340 vestibuloplasty ‑ ridge extension (secondary N/A $0
epithelialization)
D7350 vestibuloplasty ‑ ridge extension (including soft N/A $0
tissue grafts, muscle reattachment, revision of
soft tissue attachment and management of
hypertrophied and hyperplastic tissue)
D7471 removal of lateral exostosis (maxilla or N/A $0
mandible)
D7472 removal of torus palatinus N/A $0
D7473 removal of torus mandibularis N/A $0
D7485 reduction of osseous tuberosity N/A $0
D7921 collection and application of autologous blood N/A $0
concentrate product
D7922 placement of intra‑socket biological dressing to N/A $0
aid in hemostasis or clot stabilization, per site
D7939 indexing for osteotomy using dynamic robotic N/A $0
assisted or dynamic navigation
D7953 bone replacement graft for ridge preservation ‑ N/A $0
per site
D7956 guided tissue regeneration, edentulous area – N/A $0
resorbable barrier, per site
D7957 guided tissue regeneration, edentulous area – N/A $0
non‑resorbable barrier, per site
D7961 buccal / labial frenectomy (frenulectomy) N/A $0

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 103
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
CDT Code Description Frequency In Network
D7962 lingual frenectomy (frenulectomy) N/A $0
D7963 frenuloplasty N/A $0
D7970 excision of hyperplastic tissue ‑ per arch N/A $0
D7971 excision of pericoronal gingiva N/A $0
D7972 surgical reduction of fibrous tuberosity N/A $0
D7979 non – surgical sialolithotomy N/A $0
D7998 intraoral placement of a fixation device not in N/A $0
conjunction with a fracture
D9110 palliative treatment of dental pain – per visit N/A $0
D9120 fixed partial denture sectioning N/A $0
D9128 photobiomodulation therapy ‑ first 15 minute N/A $0
increment, or any portion thereof
D9129 photobiomodulation therapy ‑ each subsequent N/A $0
15 minute increment, or any portion thereof
D9130 temporomandibular joint dysfunction – N/A $0
non‑invasive physical therapies
D9210 local anesthesia not in conjunction with N/A $0
operative or surgical procedures
D9211 regional block anesthesia N/A $0
D9212 trigeminal division block anesthesia N/A $0
D9215 local anesthesia in conjunction with operative or N/A $0
surgical procedures
D9219 evaluation for moderate sedation, deep sedation N/A $0
or general anesthesia
D9222 administration of deep sedation/general N/A $0
anesthesia – first 15 minute increment, or any
portion thereof
D9223 administration of deep sedation/general N/A $0
anesthesia – each subsequent 15 minute
increment, or any portion thereof
D9224 administration of general anesthesia with N/A $0
advanced airway – first 15 minute increment, or
any portion thereof
D9225 administration of general anesthesia with N/A $0
advanced airway – each subsequent 15 minute
increment, or any portion thereof

104 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
CDT Code Description Frequency In Network
D9230 administration of nitrous oxide N/A $0
D9239 administration of moderate sedation – N/A $0
intravenous ‑ first 15 minute increment, or any
portion thereof
D9243 administration of moderate sedation – N/A $0
intravenous ‑ each subsequent 15 minute
increment, or any portion thereof
D9244 in‑office administration of minimal sedation – N/A $0
single drug – enteral
D9245 administration of moderate sedation – enteral N/A $0
D9246 administration of moderate sedation – N/A $0
non‑intravenous parenteral – first 15 minute
increment, or any portion thereof
D9247 administration of moderate sedation – N/A $0
non‑intravenous parenteral – each subsequent
15 minute increment, or any portion thereof
D9310 consultation ‑ diagnostic service provided by N/A $0
dentist or physician other than requesting
dentist or physician
D9311 consultation with a medical health care N/A $0
professional
D9410 house/extended care facility call N/A $0
D9420 hospital or ambulatory surgical center call N/A $0
D9430 office visit for observation (during regularly N/A $0
scheduled hours) ‑ no other services performed
D9440 office visit ‑ after regularly scheduled hours N/A $0
D9450 case presentation, subsequent to detailed and N/A $0
extensive treatment planning
D9610 therapeutic parenteral drug, single N/A $0
administration
D9612 therapeutic parenteral drugs, two or more N/A $0
administrations, different medications
D9613 infiltration of sustained release therapeutic drug, N/A $0
per quadrant
D9630 drugs or medicaments dispensed in the office N/A $0
for home use
D9910 application of desensitizing medicament N/A $0

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 105
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
CDT Code Description Frequency In Network
D9911 application of desensitizing resin for cervical N/A $0
and/or root surface, per tooth
D9912 pre‑visit patient screening N/A $0
D9920 behavior management, by report N/A $0
D9930 treatment of complications (post‑surgical) ‑ N/A $0
unusual circumstances, by report
D9932 cleaning and inspection of removable complete N/A $0
denture, maxillary
D9933 cleaning and inspection of removable complete N/A $0
denture, mandibular
D9934 cleaning and inspection of removable partial N/A $0
denture, maxillary
D9935 cleaning and inspection of removable partial N/A $0
denture, mandibular
D9936 cleaning and inspection of occlusal guard – per N/A $0
appliance
D9938 fabrication of a custom removable clear plastic N/A $0
temporary aesthetic appliance
D9939 placement of a custom removable clear plastic N/A $0
temporary aesthetic appliance
D9941 fabrication of athletic mouthguard N/A $0
D9942 repair and/or reline of occlusal guard N/A $0
D9943 occlusal guard adjustment N/A $0
D9944 occlusal guard – hard appliance, full arch N/A $0
D9945 occlusal guard – soft appliance, full arch N/A $0
D9946 occlusal guard – hard appliance, partial arch N/A $0
D9947 custom sleep apnea appliance fabrication and N/A $0
placement
D9948 adjustment of custom sleep apnea appliance N/A $0
D9949 repair of custom sleep apnea appliance N/A $0
D9950 occlusion analysis ‑ mounted case N/A $0
D9951 occlusal adjustment ‑ limited N/A $0
D9952 occlusal adjustment ‑ complete N/A $0
D9953 reline custom sleep apnea appliance (indirect) N/A $0

106 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
CDT Code Description Frequency In Network
D9954 fabrication and delivery of oral appliance N/A $0
therapy (OAT) morning repositioning device
D9955 oral appliance therapy (OAT) titration visit N/A $0
D9970 enamel microabrasion N/A $0
D9971 odontoplasty ‑ per tooth N/A $0
D9992 dental case management care coordination N/A $0
D9993 dental case management motivational N/A $0
interviewing
D9994 dental case management patient education to N/A $0
improve oral health literacy
D9995 teledentistry – synchronous; real‑time encounter N/A $0
D9996 teledentistry – asynchronous; information stored N/A $0
and forwarded to dentist for subsequent review
D9997 dental case management ‑ patients with special N/A $0
health care needs
Out‑of‑pocket costs
You will be responsible for payment of services and charges billed by a provider that exceed coverage
limitations. You may also be required to pay your cost share at the time of service. Billing arrangements
are between you and the provider. In addition, if you obtain services from a dental provider that is not part
of our network, you will be responsible for payment of the full cost of the services.
Limitations & Exclusions
1. Coverage is limited to the services and service frequencies listed in the Schedule of Benefits. If a
service is not listed, it is not covered.
2. Any dental services received outside of the U.S. or U.S. territories are not covered under the
supplemental dental benefit.
3. Fees related to missed appointments, preparing or copying dental reports, duplication of x rays,
itemized bills or claim forms are not covered.
4. Treatment for injuries or conditions covered by Workers’ Compensation or employer liability laws,
and treatment provided without cost to you by any municipality, county, or other political subdivision
is not covered.
5. Treatment as a result of civil insurrection, duty as a member of the armed forces of any state or
country, engaging in an act of declared or undeclared war, intentional or unintentional nuclear
explosion or other release of nuclear energy, whether in peacetime or wartime, is not covered.
6. Any treatment covered under an individual or group medical plan, auto insurance, no fault auto
insurance or uninsured motorist policy, to the extent permitted by federal or state statute, is not
covered.
7. Orthodontic and all orthodontic related services are not covered
8. Implants and all implant related services are not covered
9. Maxillofacial prosthetics are not covered
10. Dental services performed for cosmetic and/or aesthetic reasons are not covered
11. Tooth bleaching and/or enamel microabrasion services are not covered

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 107
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
12. Unspecified services by report (Dental codes: D##99) are not covered
13. Dental services related to temporomandibular joint syndrome (TMJ) are not covered, unless the
related dental code is listed in the schedule of benefits
14. Elective services are not covered
15. General anesthesia or conscious sedation is not a covered service unless it is based on clinical
review of documentation provided and administered by a dentist or health care practitioner in
conjunction with covered oral surgical procedures, periodontal and osseous surgical procedures, or
periarticular surgical procedures for covered services.
16. Altering vertical dimension of teeth, or restoration/maintenance of occlusion including bite
registration or bite analysis are not covered.
17. Splinting teeth, including multiple abutments, or any services to stabilize periodontally weakened
teeth are not covered.
18. Replacing tooth structures lost as a result of abrasion, attrition, erosion or abfraction are not
covered.
19. Plan frequency limitations will still apply when there is a replacement of a device or appliance that is
lost, missing, stolen, or damaged due to abuse, misuse or neglect.
20. Dental procedures are only covered when performed by a dentist licensed in the US or any US
territory.
21. Periodontal maintenance is not covered unless there is a history of scaling and root planing or
surgical periodontal therapy.
22. Denture adjustments performed within 6 months of denture placement/installation, reline, or rebase
are not covered.
23. Denture reline and rebase, if listed as covered in your schedule of benefits, performed within 6
months following the placement of a complete or immediate denture are not covered.
24. Tissue conditioning performed within 6 months of denture placement, reline, or rebase are not
covered.
25. For covered dental procedures listed in your schedule of benefits, the treatment date for billing
purposes is defined by completion of specific procedures.
For removable dentures (complete and partial), this is the delivery date. For inlays, onlays, crowns,
veneers and bridges, it's the date of final cementation. For root canals, it's the date the final fill is
placed.
26. Procedures that are considered experimental, investigational or unproven are not covered. This
includes pharmacological regimens not accepted by the American Dental Association Council on
dental therapeutics.
27. If this policy is terminated or the covered dental services for this plan change, this plan will not cover
ongoing care or treatment. This includes all multi‑appointment procedures.
28. Services and supplies provided in connection with treatment or care that is not covered under the
plan are not covered.
Medical Necessity
Your plan covers clinically appropriate dental care services. This is a requirement for you to receive a
covered benefit under this plan. Dental care services that we determine a provider using prudent clinical
judgment would provide to a patient for the purpose of preventing, evaluating, diagnosing or treating an
illness, injury, disease or its symptoms, and that we determine are:
1. Clinically appropriate, in terms of type, frequency, extent, site and duration, and considered
effective for the patient’s illness, injury or disease
2. Not primarily for the convenience of the patient, dentist, or other health care provider
3. Not more costly than an alternative service or sequence of services at least as likely to produce the
same benefit or diagnostic results for the diagnosis or treatment of that patient’s illness, injury or
disease.
Medical necessity is determined using criteria that are:

108 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
• Consistent with generally accepted standards of medical and dental practice
• Based on evidence from peer‑reviewed literature and clinical guidelines
• Applied uniformly and without regard to cost considerations
Alternate Benefits
The alternate benefit provision applies when more than one dental service is suitable to treat a dental
condition. In these cases, Aetna will cover the lower‑cost treatment option (alternate benefit). That means
you are responsible for any coinsurance amounts applicable to the alternate benefit, plus any difference in
cost between the alternate benefit and the actual service received. To ensure you understand your
treatment options and costs, you can work with your dental provider to submit an advance claim review.
An advance claim review
The purpose of an advance claim review is to provide an estimate, of what we may pay for proposed
services. Knowing ahead of time which services are eligible dental services and what your plan may pay
helps you and your dentist make informed decisions about the care you are considering. The estimate is
not a guarantee of coverage and payment. In estimating the amount of benefits payable, we will look at
alternate procedures, services, or courses of treatment for the dental condition in question in order to
meet the expected result. The estimate is voluntary.
When to get an advance claim review
To understand your cost share for a course of dental treatment you can request an advance claim review.
Here are the steps for getting an advance claim review:
1. Ask your dentist to write down a full description of the treatment you need. They must either use an
Aetna claim form or an American Dental Association (ADA) approved claim form.
2. Your dentist should send the form to us before treating you.
3. We may request supporting images and other diagnostic records.
4. Once all of the information has been gathered, we will review the proposed treatment plan and
provide you and your dentist with a statement outlining the estimated benefits payable and your
out‑of‑pocket costs.
5. You and your dentist can then decide how to proceed.
What is a course of dental treatment? A course of dental treatment is a planned program of one or more
services or supplies. The services or supplies are provided by one or more dentists to treat a dental
condition that was diagnosed by the attending dentist as a result of an oral examination. A course of
treatment starts on the date your dentist first renders a service to correct or treat the diagnosed dental
condition.
SECTION 3 Services covered outside of Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D‑SNP)
Please contact your state Medicaid program to determine what benefits may be available to you. (You can
find phone numbers and contact information for Medicaid in Appendix A at the back of this document.)
SECTION 4 Services that aren't covered by our plan (exclusions)
This section tells you what services are excluded by Medicare.
The chart below lists some services and items that aren’t covered by our plan under any conditions or are
covered by the plan only under specific conditions.
If you get services that are excluded (not covered), you must pay for them yourself except under the

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 109
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
specific conditions listed below. Even if you get the excluded services at an emergency facility, the
excluded services are still not covered and our plan will not pay for them. The only exception is if the
service is appealed and decided upon appeal to be a medical service that we should have paid for or
covered because of your specific situation. (For information about appealing a decision we have made to
not cover a medical service, go to Chapter 9, Section 6.3 .)
Services not covered by Medicare Covered only under specific conditions
Acupuncture
• Available for people with chronic low back
pain under certain circumstances.
• Our plan provides some additional coverage
for acupuncture as described in the Medical
Benefits Chart.
Cosmetic surgery or procedures
• Covered in cases of an accidental injury or
for improvement of the functioning of a
malformed body member.
• Covered for all stages of reconstruction for a
breast after a mastectomy, as well as for the
unaffected breast to produce a symmetrical
appearance.
Custodial care Not covered under any condition.
Custodial care is personal care that doesn’t require
the continuing attention of trained medical or
paramedical personnel, such as care that helps
you with activities of daily living, such as bathing or
dressing.
Experimental medical and surgical procedures,
equipment and medications • May be covered by Original Medicare under
a Medicare‑approved clinical research study
Experimental procedures and items are those or by our plan.
items and procedures determined by Original
Medicare to not be generally accepted by the (Go to Chapter 3, Section 5 for more information on
medical community. clinical research studies.)
Fees charged for care by your immediate Not covered under any condition.
relatives or members of your household
Full‑time nursing care in your home Not covered under any condition.
Home‑delivered meals
• Our plan provides some coverage for
home‑delivered meals as described in the
Medical Benefits Chart.

110 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
Services not covered by Medicare Covered only under specific conditions
Homemaker services include basic household Not covered under any condition.
help, including light housekeeping or light meal
preparation
Naturopath services (uses natural or alternative Not covered under any condition.
treatments)
Non‑routine dental care
• Dental care required to treat illness or injury
may be covered as inpatient or outpatient
care.
Orthopedic shoes or supportive devices for the
feet • Shoes that are part of a leg brace and are
included in the cost of the brace. Orthopedic
or therapeutic shoes for people with diabetic
foot disease.
Personal items in your room at a hospital or a Not covered under any condition.
skilled nursing facility, such as a telephone or a
television
Private room in a hospital
• Covered only when medically necessary.
Reversal of sterilization procedures and or Not covered under any condition.
non‑prescription contraceptive supplies
Routine chiropractic care
• Manual manipulation of the spine to correct a
subluxation is covered.
Routine dental care, such as cleanings, fillings or
dentures • Our plan provides some coverage for dental
services as described in the Medical Benefits
Chart.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 111
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart(what’s covered)
Services not covered by Medicare Covered only under specific conditions
Routine eye examinations, eyeglasses, radial
keratotomy, LASIK surgery, and other low vision • One pair of eyeglasses with standard frames
aids (or one set of contact lenses) covered after
each cataract surgery that implants an
intraocular lens.
• Routine eye exams: Our plan provides some
coverage for routine eye exams as described
in the Medical Benefits Chart.
• Eyewear: Our plan provides some additional
coverage for eyewear as described in the
Medical Benefits Chart.
Routine foot care
• Our plan provides some coverage for routine
foot care as described in the Medical
Benefits Chart.
Routine hearing exams, hearing aids, or exams
to fit hearing aids • Routine hearing exams: Our plan provides
some coverage for routine hearing exams as
described in the Medical Benefits Chart.
• Hearing aid fitting and evaluations: Our plan
provides some coverage for hearing aid
fitting and evaluations as described in the
Medical Benefits Chart.
• Hearing aids: Our plan provides some
coverage for hearing aids as described in the
Medical Benefits Chart.
Services considered not reasonable and Not covered under any condition.
necessary, according to Original Medicare
standards

Chapter 5:
Using plan coverage for Part D drugs
How can you get information about your drug costs?
Because you're eligible for Medicaid, you qualify for and are getting Extra Help from Medicare to pay for
your prescription drug plan costs. Because you're in Extra Help program, some information in this
Evidence of Coverage about the costs for Part D prescription drugs does not apply to you. We sent
you a separate insert, called the Evidence of Coverage Rider for People Who Get Extra Help Paying for
Prescription Drugs (also known as the Low‑Income Subsidy Rider or the LIS Rider), which tells you about
your drug coverage. If you don’t have this insert, call Member Services at 1‑866‑409‑1221 (TTY users call
711) and ask for the LIS Rider. (Phone numbers for Member Services are printed on the back cover of this
document).
SECTION 1 Basic rules for our plan’s Part D drug coverage
Go to the Medical Benefits Chart in Chapter 4 for Medicare Part B drug benefits and hospice drug benefits.
In addition to the drugs covered by Medicare, some prescription drugs are covered under your Medicaid
benefits. Please contact the state Medicaid agency listed in Appendix A at the back of this document for
information about drugs covered under your Medicaid coverage.
Our plan will generally cover your drugs as long as you follow these rules:
• You must have a provider (a doctor, dentist, or other prescriber) write you a prescription that’s valid
under applicable state law.
• Your prescriber must not be on Medicare’s Exclusion or Preclusion Lists.
• You generally must use a network pharmacy to fill your prescription. (Go to Section 2.) or you can fill
your prescription through our plan’s mail‑order service.
• Your drug must be on our plan’s Drug List (Go to Section 3.)
• Your drug must be used for a medically accepted indication. A "medically accepted indication" is a
use of the drug that’s either approved by the FDA or supported by certain references. (Go to Section
3 for more information about a medically accepted indication.)
• Your drug may require approval from our plan based on certain criteria before we agree to cover it.
(Go to Section 4 for more information.)
SECTION 2 Fill your prescription at a network pharmacy or through our plan’s mail‑order
service
In most cases, your prescriptions are covered only if they’re filled at our plan’s network pharmacies. (Go to
Section 2.4 for information about when we cover prescriptions filled at out‑of‑network pharmacies.)
A network pharmacy is a pharmacy that has a contract with our plan to provide your covered drugs. The
term “covered drugs” means all the Part D drugs on our plan’s Drug List.
Section 2.1 Network pharmacies
Find a network pharmacy in your area
To find a network pharmacy, go to your Provider & Pharmacy Directory, visit our website
(AetnaMedicare.com/findpharmacy), and/or call Member Services at 1‑866‑409‑1221 (TTY users call
711).

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 113
Chapter 5. Using plan coverage for Part D drugs
You may go to any of our network pharmacies.
If your pharmacy leaves the network
If the pharmacy you use leaves our plan’s network, you’ll have to find a new pharmacy in the network. To
find another pharmacy in your area, call Member Services at 1‑866‑409‑1221 (TTY users call 711) or use
the Provider & Pharmacy Directory. You can also find information on our website at
AetnaMedicare.com/findpharmacy.
Specialized pharmacies
Some prescriptions must be filled at a specialized pharmacy. Specialized pharmacies include:
• Pharmacies that supply drugs for home infusion therapy.
• Pharmacies that supply drugs for residents of a long‑term care (LTC) facility. Usually, a LTC facility
(such as a nursing home) has its own pharmacy. If you have difficulty getting your Part D drugs in an
LTC facility, call Member Services at 1‑866‑409‑1221 (TTY users call 711).
• Pharmacies that serve the Indian Health Service / Tribal / Urban Indian Health Program (not
available in Puerto Rico). Except in emergencies, only Native Americans or Alaska Natives have
access to these pharmacies in our network.
• Pharmacies that dispense drugs restricted by the FDA to certain locations or that require special
handling, provider coordination, or education on its use. To locate a specialized pharmacy, go to
your Provider & Pharmacy Directory AetnaMedicare.com/findpharmacy or call Member Services
at 1‑866‑409‑1221 (TTY users call 711).
Section 2.2 Our plan’s mail‑order service
For certain kinds of drugs, you can use our plan’s network mail‑order service. Generally, the drugs
provided through mail‑order are drugs you take on a regular basis, for a chronic or long‑term medical
condition. These drugs are marked as “Mail‑order drugs” in our Drug List.
Our plan’s mail‑order service allows you to order up to a 100‑day supply.
To get order forms and information about filling your prescriptions by mail, visit our website
(Aetnamedicare.com/MailOrder) or contact Member Services. Note: you must have a method of
payment on file.
Usually, a mail‑order pharmacy order will be delivered to you in no more than 10 days. If the mail‑order
pharmacy expects the order to be delayed, they will notify you of the delay. If you need to request a rush
order because of a mail‑order delay, you may contact Member Services to discuss options which may
include filling at a local retail pharmacy or expediting the shipping method. Provide the representative with
your ID number and prescription number(s). If you want second‑day or next‑day delivery of your
medications, you may request this from the Member Services representative for an additional charge.
New prescriptions the pharmacy gets directly from your doctor’s office.
The pharmacy will automatically fill and deliver new prescriptions it gets from health care providers,
without checking with you first, if either:
• You used mail‑order services with this plan in the past, or
• You sign up for automatic delivery of all new prescriptions received directly from health care
providers. You can ask for automatic delivery of all new prescriptions now or at any time by
continuing to have your doctor send us your prescriptions. No special request is needed. Or
you may contact Member Services to restart automatic deliveries if you previously stopped
automatic deliveries.
If you get a prescription automatically by mail that you don’t want, and you were not contacted to see if
you wanted it before it shipped, you may be eligible for a refund.

114 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 5. Using plan coverage for Part D drugs
If you used mail‑order in the past and don’t want the pharmacy to automatically fill and ship each new
prescription, contact us by calling Member Services at 1‑866‑409‑1221 (TTY users call 711).
If you never used our mail‑order delivery and/or decide to stop automatic fills of new prescriptions, the
pharmacy will contact you each time it gets a new prescription from a health care provider to see if you
want the medication filled and shipped immediately. It’s important to respond each time you’re contacted
by the pharmacy to let them know whether to ship, delay, or cancel the new prescription.
To opt out of automatic deliveries of new prescriptions received directly from your health care provider's
office, contact us by calling Member Services at 1‑866‑409‑1221 (TTY users call 711).
Refills on mail‑order prescriptions. For refills of your drugs, you have the option to sign up for an
automatic refill program. Under this program we start to process your next refill automatically when
our records show you should be close to running out of your drug. The pharmacy will contact you
before shipping each refill to make sure you need more medication, and you can cancel scheduled
refills if you have enough medication or your medication has changed.
If you choose not to use our auto‑refill program but still want the mail‑order pharmacy to send you
your prescription, contact your pharmacy 15 days before your current prescription will run out. This
will ensure your order is shipped to you in time.
To opt out of our program that automatically prepares mail‑order refills, contact us by calling
Member Services at 1‑866‑409‑1221 (TTY users call 711).
If you get a refill automatically by mail that you don’t want, you may be eligible for a refund.
Section 2.3 How to get a long‑term supply of drugs
When you get a long‑term supply of drugs, your cost sharing may be lower. Our plan offers 2 ways to get a
long‑term supply (also called an extended supply) of maintenance drugs on our plan’s Drug List (for tiers
1‑4). (Maintenance drugs are drugs you take on a regular basis, for a chronic or long‑term medical
condition.)
1. Some retail pharmacies in our network allow you to get a long‑term supply of maintenance drugs.
Your Provider & Pharmacy Directory AetnaMedicare.com/findpharmacy tells you which
pharmacies in our network can give you a long‑term supply of maintenance drugs. You can also call
Member Services at 1‑866‑409‑1221 (TTY users call 711) for more information.
2. You can also get maintenance drugs through our mail‑order program. Go to Section 2.2 for more
information.
Section 2.4 Using a pharmacy that's not in our plan’s network
Generally, we cover drugs filled at an out‑of‑network pharmacy only when you aren’t able to use a
network pharmacy. We also have network pharmacies outside of our service area where you can get
prescriptions filled as a member of our plan. Check first with Member Services at 1‑866‑409‑1221 (TTY
users call 711) to see if there’s a network pharmacy nearby.
We cover prescriptions filled at an out‑of‑network pharmacy only in these circumstances:
• The prescription is for a medical emergency or urgent care.
• You are unable to get a covered drug in a time of need because there are no 24‑hour network
pharmacies within a reasonable driving distance.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 115
Chapter 5. Using plan coverage for Part D drugs
• The prescription is for a drug that is out‑of‑stock at an accessible network retail or mail‑order
pharmacy (including high‑cost and unique drugs).
• If you are evacuated or otherwise displaced from your home because of a Federal disaster or other
public health emergency declaration.
If you do need to go to an out‑of‑network pharmacy for any of the reasons listed above, the plan will cover
up to a 10‑day supply of drugs.
If you must use an out‑of‑network pharmacy, you’ll generally have to pay the full cost (rather than your
normal cost share) at the time you fill your prescription. You can ask us to reimburse you for our share of
the cost. (Go to Chapter 7, Section 2 for information on how to ask our plan to pay you back.) You may be
required to pay the difference between what you pay for the drug at the out‑of‑network pharmacy and the
cost we would cover at an out‑of‑network pharmacy.
SECTION 3 Your drugs need to be on our plan’s Drug List
Section 3.1 The Drug List tells which Part D drugs are covered
Our plan has a List of Covered Drugs (formulary). In this Evidence of Coverage, we call it the Drug List.
The drugs on this list are selected by our plan with the help of doctors and pharmacists. The list meets
Medicare’s requirements and has been approved by Medicare.
The Drug List only shows the drugs covered under Medicare Part D. In addition to the drugs covered by
Medicare, some prescription drugs are covered under your Medicaid benefits. Please contact the state
Medicaid agency listed in Appendix A at the back of this document for information about drugs covered
under your Medicaid coverage.
We generally cover a drug on our plan's Drug List as long as you follow the other coverage rules explained
in this chapter and use of the drug for a medically accepted indication. A medically accepted indication is
a use of the drug that's either:
• Approved by the FDA for the diagnosis or condition for which it's prescribed, or
• Supported by certain references, such as the American Hospital Formulary Service Drug Information
and the Micromedex DRUGDEX Information System.
Certain drugs may be covered for some medical conditions but considered non‑formulary for other
medical conditions. These drugs will be identified on our Drug List and on Medicare.gov, along with the
specific medical conditions that they cover.
The Drug List includes brand name drugs, generic drugs, and biological products (which may include
biosimilars).
A brand name drug is a prescription drug sold under a trademarked name owned by the drug
manufacturer. Biological products are drugs that are more complex than typical drugs. On the Drug List,
when we refer to drugs, this could mean a drug or a biological product.
A generic drug is a prescription drug that has the same active ingredients as the brand name drug.
Biological products have alternatives called biosimilars. Generally, generics and biosimilars work just as
well as the brand name or original biological product and usually cost less. There are generic drug
substitutes available for many brand name drugs and biosimilar alternatives for some original biological
products. Some biosimilars are interchangeable biosimilars and, depending on state law, may be
substituted for the original biological product at the pharmacy without needing a new prescription, just like

116 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 5. Using plan coverage for Part D drugs
generic drugs can be substituted for brand name drugs.
Go to Chapter 12 for definitions of types of drugs that may be on the Drug List.
Drugs that aren't on the Drug List
Our plan doesn't cover all prescription drugs.
• In some cases, the law doesn't allow any Medicare plan to cover certain types of drugs. (For more
information, go to Section 7).
• In other cases, we decided not to include a particular drug on the Drug List.
• In some cases, you may be able to get a drug that isn't on our Drug List. (For more information, go to
Chapter 9.)
Section 3.2 5 cost‑sharing tiers for drugs on the Drug List
Every drug on our plan’s Drug List is in one of 5 cost‑sharing tiers. In general, the higher the tier, the higher
your cost for the drug:
• Tier 1: Preferred Generic
Many common lower cost generic drugs.
• Tier 2: Generic
Higher cost generic drugs.
• Tier 3: Preferred Brand
Many common brand name drugs and some higher cost generic drugs.
• Tier 4: Non‑Preferred Drug
Higher cost brand name and generic drugs for which a lower cost alternative is often available.
• Tier 5: Specialty
High‑cost brand and generic drugs meeting Medicare’s definition of a specialty drug.
To find out which cost‑sharing tier your drug is in, look it up in our plan’s Drug List. The amount you pay for
drugs in each cost‑sharing tier is shown in Chapter 6.
Section 3.3 How to find out if a specific drug is on the Drug List
To find out if a drug is on our Drug List, you have these options:
• Check the most recent Drug List we provided electronically.
• Visit our plan’s website (AetnaMedicare.com/formulary). The Drug List on the website is always
the most current.
• Call Member Services at 1‑866‑409‑1221 (TTY users call 711) to find out if a particular drug is on our
plan’s Drug List or ask for a copy of the list.
• Use our plan’s “Real‑Time Benefit Tool” (AetnaMedicare.com/formulary) to search for drugs on
the Drug List to get an estimate of what you'll pay and see if there are alternative drugs on the Drug
List that could treat the same condition. You can also call Member Services at 1‑866‑409‑1221 (TTY
users call 711).
SECTION 4 Drugs with restrictions on coverage
Section 4.1 Why some drugs have restrictions
For certain prescription drugs, special rules restrict how and when our plan covers them. A team of
doctors and pharmacists developed these rules to encourage you and your provider to use drugs in the
most effective way. To find out if any of these restrictions apply to a drug you take or want to take, check
the Drug List.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 117
Chapter 5. Using plan coverage for Part D drugs
If a safe, lower‑cost drug will work just as well medically as a higher‑cost drug, our plan’s rules are
designed to encourage you and your provider to use that lower‑cost option.
Note that sometimes a drug may appear more than once in our Drug List. This is because the same drugs
can differ based on the strength, amount, or form of the drug prescribed by your health care provider, and
different restrictions or cost sharing may apply to the different versions of the drug (for example, 10 mg
versus 100 mg; one per day versus 2 per day; tablet versus liquid).
Section 4.2 Types of restrictions
If there’s a restriction for your drug, it usually means that you or your provider have to take extra
steps for us to cover the drug. Call Member Services at 1‑866‑409‑1221 (TTY users call 711) to learn what
you or your provider can do to get coverage for the drug. If you want us to waive the restriction for you,
you need to use the coverage decision process and ask us to make an exception. We may or may not
agree to waive the restriction for you. (Go to Chapter 9.)
Getting plan approval in advance
For certain drugs, you or your provider need to get approval from our plan based on specific criteria
before we agree to cover the drug for you. This is called prior authorization. This is put in place to ensure
medication safety and help guide appropriate use of certain drugs. If you don't get this approval, your drug
might not be covered by our plan. Our plan's prior authorization criteria can be obtained by calling
Member Services at 1‑866‑409‑1221 (TTY users call 711) or on our website at
AetnaMedicare.com/formulary.
Trying a different drug first
This requirement encourages you to try less costly but usually just as effective drugs before our plan
covers another drug. For example, if Drug A and Drug B treat the same medical condition and Drug A is
less costly, our plan may require you to try Drug A first. If Drug A doesn't work for you, our plan will then
cover Drug B. This requirement to try a different drug first is called step therapy. Our plan's step therapy
criteria can be obtained by calling Member Services at 1‑866‑409‑1221 (TTY users call 711) or on our
website at AetnaMedicare.com/formulary.
Quantity limits
For certain drugs, we limit how much of a drug you can get each time you fill your prescription. For
example, if it’s normally considered safe to take only one pill per day for a certain drug, we may limit
coverage for your prescription to no more than one pill per day.
SECTION 5 What you can do if one of your drugs isn’t covered the way you’d like
There are situations where a prescription drug you take, or that you and your provider think you should
take, that isn’t on our Drug List or has restrictions. For example:
• The drug might not be covered at all. Or a generic version of the drug may be covered but the brand
name version you want to take isn't covered.
• The drug is covered, but there are extra rules or restrictions on coverage.
• The drug is covered, but in a cost‑sharing tier that makes your cost sharing more expensive than
you think it should be.
If your drug isn’t on the Drug List or is restricted, here are options for what you can do:
• You may be able to get a temporary supply of the drug.
• You can change to another drug.

118 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 5. Using plan coverage for Part D drugs
• You can ask for an exception and ask our plan to cover our drug or remove restrictions from the
drug.
You may be able to get a temporary supply
Under certain circumstances, our plan must provide a temporary supply of a drug you’re already taking.
This temporary supply gives you time to talk with your provider about the change.
To be eligible for a temporary supply, the drug you take must no longer be on our plan’s Drug List OR is
now restricted in some way.
• If you’re a new member, we’ll cover a temporary supply of your drug during the first 90 days of
your membership in our plan.
• If you were in our plan last year, we’ll cover a temporary supply of your drug during the first 90
days of the calendar year.
• This temporary supply will be for a maximum of a 30‑day supply. If your prescription is written for
fewer days, we’ll allow multiple fills to provide up to a maximum of a 30‑day supply of medication.
The prescription must be filled at a network pharmacy. (Note that a long‑term care pharmacy may
provide the drug in smaller amounts at a time to prevent waste.)
• For members who’ve been in our plan for more than 90 days and live in a long‑term care facility
and need a supply right away: We’ll cover one 31‑day emergency supply of a particular drug, or
less if your prescription is written for fewer days. This is in addition to the above temporary supply.
• If you experience a change in your setting of care (such as being discharged or admitted to a
long‑term care facility), your physician or pharmacy can request a temporary supply of the drug.
This temporary supply (up to 31 days) will allow you time to talk with your doctor about the change in
coverage.
For questions about a temporary supply, call Member Services at 1‑866‑409‑1221 (TTY users call 711).
During the time when you’re using a temporary supply of a drug, you should talk with your provider to
decide what to do when your temporary supply runs out. You have 2 options:
Option 1. You can change to another drug
Talk with your provider about whether a different drug covered by our plan may work just as well for you.
Call Member Services at 1‑866‑409‑1221 (TTY users call 711) to ask for a list of covered drugs that treat
the same medical condition. This list can help your provider find a covered drug that might work for you.
Option 2. You can ask for an exception
You and your provider can ask our plan to make an exception and cover the drug in the way you’d like
it covered. If your provider says you have medical reasons that justify asking us for an exception, your
provider can help you ask for an exception. For example, you can ask our plan to cover a drug even
though it’s not on our plan’s Drug List. Or you can ask our plan to make an exception and cover the drug
without restrictions.
If you’re a current member and a drug you take will be removed from the formulary or restricted in some
way for next year, we’ll tell you about any change before the new year. You can ask for an exception
before next year and we’ll give you an answer within 72 hours after we get your request (or your
prescriber’s supporting statement). If we approve your request, we’ll authorize coverage for the drug
before the change takes effect.
If you are a current member and a drug you are taking will be removed from the formulary or restricted in
some way for next year, we will tell you about any change prior to the new year. You can ask for an
exception before next year and we will give you an answer within 72 hours after we receive your request
(or your prescriber’s supporting statement). If we approve your request, we will authorize the coverage
before the change takes effect.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 119
Chapter 5. Using plan coverage for Part D drugs
If you and your provider want to ask for an exception, go to Chapter 9, Section 7.4 to learn what to do.
It explains the procedures and deadlines set by Medicare to make sure your request is handled promptly
and fairly.
Section 5.1 What to do if your drug is in a cost‑sharing tier you think is too high
If your drug is in a cost‑sharing tier you think is too high, here are things you can do:
You can change to another drug
If your drug is in a cost‑sharing tier you think is too high, talk to your provider. There may be a different
drug in a lower cost‑sharing tier that might work just as well for you. Call Member Services at
1‑866‑409‑1221 (TTY users call 711) to ask for a list of covered drugs that treat the same medical
condition. This list can help your provider find a covered drug that might work for you.
You can ask for an exception
You and your provider can ask our plan to make an exception in the cost‑sharing tier for the drug so
that you pay less for it. If your provider says you have medical reasons that justify asking us for an
exception, your provider can help you ask for an exception to the rule.
If you and your provider want to ask for an exception, go to Chapter 9, Section 6.4 for what to do. It
explains the procedures and deadlines set by Medicare to make sure your request is handled promptly
and fairly.
Drugs on our Specialty (Tier 5) aren’t eligible for this type of exception. We don’t lower the cost‑sharing
amount for drugs in this tier.
SECTION 6 Our Drug List can change during the year
Most changes in drug coverage happen at the beginning of each year (January 1). However, during the
year, our plan can make some changes to the Drug List. For example, our plan might:
• Add or remove drugs from the Drug List.
• Move a drug to a higher or lower cost‑sharing tier.
• Add or remove a restriction on coverage for a drug.
• Replace a brand name drug with a generic version of the drug.
• Replace an original biological product with an interchangeable biosimilar version of the
biological product.
We must follow Medicare requirements before we change our plan’s Drug List.
Information on changes to drug coverage
When changes to the Drug List occur, we post information on our website about those changes. We also
update our online Drug List regularly. Sometimes you’ll get direct notice if changes are made to a drug
that you take.
Changes to drug coverage that affect you during this plan year
• Adding new drugs to the Drug List and immediately removing or making changes to a like drug
on the Drug List.
We may immediately remove a like drug from the Drug List, move the like drug to a different
○
cost‑sharing tier, add new restrictions, or both. The new version of the drug will be on the

120 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 5. Using plan coverage for Part D drugs
same or a lower cost‑sharing tier and with the same or fewer restrictions.
We’ll make these immediate changes only if we add a new generic version of a brand name or
○
add certain new biosimilar versions of an original biological product that was already on the
Drug List.
We may make these changes immediately and tell you later, even if you take the drug that we
○
remove or make changes to. If you take the like drug at the time we make the change, we’ll tell
you about any specific change we made.
• Adding drugs to the Drug List and removing or making changes to a like drug on the Drug List.
When adding another version of a drug to the Drug List, we may remove a like drug from the
○
Drug List, move it to a different cost‑sharing tier, add new restrictions, or both. The version of
the drug that we add will be on the same or a lower cost‑sharing tier and with the same or
fewer restrictions.
We’ll make these changes only if we add a new generic version of a brand name drug or add
○
certain new biosimilar versions of an original biological product that was already on the Drug
List.
We’ll tell you at least 30 days before we make the change, or tell you about the change and
○
cover a 30‑day fill of the version of the drug you’re taking.
• Removing unsafe drugs and other drugs on the Drug List that are withdrawn from the market.
Sometimes a drug may be deemed unsafe or taken off the market for another reason. If this
○
happens, we may immediately remove the drug from the Drug List. If you’re taking that drug,
we’ll tell you after we make the change.
• Making other changes to drugs on the Drug List.
We may make other changes once the year has started that affect drugs you are taking. For
○
example, based on FDA boxed warnings or new clinical guidelines recognized by Medicare.
We’ll tell you at least 30 days before we make these changes or tell you about the change and
○
cover an additional 30‑day fill of the drug you’re taking.
If we make any of these changes to any of the drugs you take, talk with your prescriber about the options
that would work best for you, including changing to a different drug to treat your condition, or ask for a
coverage decision to satisfy any new restrictions on the drug you’re taking. You or your prescriber can ask
us for an exception to continue covering the drug or version of the drug you have been taking. For more
information on how to ask for a coverage decision, including an exception, go to Chapter 9.
Changes to the Drug List that don’t affect you during this plan year
We may make certain changes to the Drug List that aren’t described above. In these cases, the change
won’t apply to you if you’re taking the drug when the change is made; however, these changes will likely
affect you starting January 1 of the next plan year if you stay in the same plan.
In general, changes that won’t affect you during the current plan year are:
• We move your drug into a higher cost‑sharing tier.
• We put a new restriction on the use of your drug.
• We remove your drug from the Drug List.
If any of these changes happen for a drug you take (except for market withdrawal, a generic drug
replacing a brand name drug, or other change noted in the sections above), the change won’t affect your
use or what you pay as your share of the cost until January 1 of the next year.
We won’t tell you about these types of changes directly during the current plan year. You’ll need to check
the Drug List for the next plan year (when the list is available during the open enrollment period) to see if
there are any changes to drugs you take that will impact you during the next plan year.
SECTION 7 Types of drugs we don't cover

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 121
Chapter 5. Using plan coverage for Part D drugs
Some kinds of prescription drugs are excluded. This means Medicare doesn’t pay for these drugs.
If you appeal and the drug asked for is found not to be excluded under Part D, we’ll pay for or cover it. (For
information about appealing a decision, go to Chapter 9.) If the drug excluded by our plan is also excluded
by Medicaid, you must pay for it yourself.
Here are 3 general rules about drugs that Medicare drug plans won’t cover under Part D:
• Our plan’s Part D drug coverage can’t cover a drug that would be covered under Medicare Part A or
Part B.
• Our plan can’t cover a drug purchased outside the United States or its territories.
• Our plan can’t cover off‑label use of a drug when the use isn’t supported by certain references, such
as the American Hospital Formulary Service Drug Information and the Micromedex DRUGDEX
Information System. Off‑label use is any use of the drug other than those indicated on a drug’s label
as approved by the FDA.
In addition, by law, the following categories of drugs listed below are not covered by Medicare. However,
some of these drugs may be covered for you under your Medicaid drug coverage. Please contact the state
Medicaid agency listed in Appendix A at the back of this document for information about drugs covered
under your Medicaid coverage.
• Non‑prescription drugs (also called over‑the‑counter drugs)
• Drugs used to promote fertility
• Drugs used for the relief of cough or cold symptoms
• Drugs used for cosmetic purposes or to promote hair growth
• Prescription vitamins and mineral products, except prenatal vitamins and fluoride preparations
• Drugs used for the treatment of sexual or erectile dysfunction
• Drugs used for treatment of anorexia, weight loss, or weight gain
• Outpatient drugs for which the manufacturer requires associated tests or monitoring services be
purchased only from the manufacturer as a condition of sale
If you get Extra Help to pay for your prescriptions, Extra Help won’t pay for drugs that aren’t normally
covered. If you have drug coverage through Medicaid, your state Medicaid program may cover some
prescription drugs not normally covered in a Medicare drug plan. Contact your state Medicaid program to
determine what drug coverage may be available. (Find phone numbers and contact information for
Medicaid in Appendix A at the back of this document.)
SECTION 8 How to fill a prescription
To fill your prescription, provide our plan membership information (which can be found on your
membership card) at the network pharmacy you choose. The network pharmacy will automatically bill our
plan for our share of the costs of your drug. You’ll need to pay the pharmacy your share of the cost when
you pick up your prescription.
If you don’t have our plan membership information with you, you or the pharmacy can call our plan to get
the information, or you can ask the pharmacy to look up our plan enrollment information.
If the pharmacy can’t get the necessary information, you may have to pay the full cost of the
prescription when you pick it up. You can then ask us to reimburse you for our share. Go to Chapter 7,
Section 2 for information about how to ask our plan for reimbursement.
SECTION 9 Part D drug coverage in special situations

122 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 5. Using plan coverage for Part D drugs
Section 9.1 In a hospital or skilled nursing facility for a stay covered by our plan
If you’re admitted to a hospital or to a skilled nursing facility for a stay covered by our plan, we’ll generally
cover the cost of your prescription drugs during your stay. Once you leave the hospital or skilled nursing
facility, our plan will cover your prescription drugs as long as the drugs meet all of our rules for coverage
described in this chapter.
Section 9.2 As a resident in a long‑term care (LTC) facility
Usually, a long‑term care (LTC) facility (such as a nursing home) has its own pharmacy, or uses a
pharmacy that supplies drugs for all its residents. If you’re a resident of an LTC facility you may get your
prescription drugs through the facility’s pharmacy or the one it uses, as long as it’s part of our network.
Check your Provider & Pharmacy Directory AetnaMedicare.com/findpharmacy to find out if your LTC
facility’s pharmacy or the one it uses is part of our network. If it isn’t, or if you need more information or
help, call Member Services at 1‑866‑409‑1221 (TTY users call 711). If you’re in an LTC facility, we must
ensure that you’re able to routinely get your Part D benefits through our network of LTC pharmacies.
If you’re a resident in an LTC facility and need a drug that isn’t on our Drug List or restricted in some way,
go to Section 5 for information about getting a temporary or emergency supply.
Section 9.3 If you’re in a Medicare‑certified hospice
Hospice and our plan don’t cover the same drug at the same time. If you’re enrolled in Medicare hospice
and require certain drugs (e.g., anti‑nausea drugs, laxatives, pain medication or anti‑anxiety drugs) that
aren’t covered by your hospice because it is unrelated to your terminal illness and related conditions, our
plan must get notification from either the prescriber or your hospice provider that the drug is unrelated
before our plan can cover the drug. To prevent delays in getting these drugs that should be covered by
our plan, ask your hospice provider or prescriber to provide notification before your prescription is filled.
In the event you either revoke your hospice election or are discharged from hospice, our plan should cover
your drugs as explained in this document. To prevent any delays at a pharmacy when your Medicare
hospice benefit ends, bring documentation to the pharmacy to verify your revocation or discharge.
SECTION 10 Programs on drug safety and managing medications
We conduct drug use reviews to help make sure our members get safe and appropriate care.
We do a review each time you fill a prescription. We also review our records on a regular basis. During
these reviews, we look for potential problems like:
• Possible medication errors
• Drugs that may not be necessary because you take another similar drug to treat the same condition
• Drugs that may not be safe or appropriate because of your age or gender
• Certain combinations of drugs that could harm you if taken at the same time
• Prescriptions for drugs that have ingredients you’re allergic to
• Possible errors in the amount (dosage) of a drug you take
• Unsafe amounts of opioid pain medications
If we see a possible problem in your use of medications, we’ll work with your provider to correct the
problem.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 123
Chapter 5. Using plan coverage for Part D drugs
Section 10.1 Drug Management Program (DMP) to help members safely use opioid
medications
We have a program that helps make sure members safely use prescription opioids and other frequently
abused medications. This program is called a Drug Management Program (DMP). If you use opioid
medications that you get from several prescribers or pharmacies, or if you had a recent opioid overdose,
we may talk to your prescribers to make sure your use of opioid medications is appropriate and medically
necessary. Working with your prescribers, if we decide your use of prescription opioid or benzodiazepine
medications may not be safe, we may limit how you can get those medications. If we place you in our
DMP, the limitations may be:
• Requiring you to get all your prescriptions for opioid or benzodiazepine medications from a certain
pharmacy(ies)
• Requiring you to get all your prescriptions for opioid or benzodiazepine medications from a certain
prescriber(s)
• Limiting the amount of opioid or benzodiazepine medications we’ll cover for you
If we plan on limiting how you get these medications or how much you can get, we’ll send you a letter in
advance. The letter will tell you if we will limit coverage of these drugs for you, or if you’ll be required to get
the prescriptions for these drugs only from a specific prescriber or pharmacy. You’ll have an opportunity
to tell us which prescribers or pharmacies you prefer to use, and about any other information you think is
important for us to know. After you’ve had the opportunity to respond, if we decide to limit your coverage
for these medications, we’ll send you another letter confirming the limitation. If you think we made a
mistake or you disagree with our decision or with the limitation, you and your prescriber have the right to
appeal. If you appeal, we’ll review your case and give you a new decision. If we continue to deny any part
of your request about the limitations that apply to your access to medications, we’ll automatically send
your case to an independent reviewer outside of our plan. Go to Chapter 9 for information about how to
ask for an appeal.
You won’t be placed in our DMP if you have certain medical conditions, such as cancer‑related pain or
sickle cell disease, you’re getting hospice, palliative, or end‑of‑life care, or live in a long‑term care facility.
Section 10.2 Medication Therapy Management (MTM) program to help members manage
medications
We have a program that can help our members with complex health needs. Our program is called a
Medication Therapy Management (MTM) program. This program is voluntary and free. A team of
pharmacists and doctors developed the program for us to help make sure our members get the most
benefit from the drugs they take.
Some members who have certain chronic diseases and take medications that exceed a specific amount of
drug costs or are in a DMP to help them use opioids safely, may be able to get services through an MTM
program. If you qualify for the program, a pharmacist or other health professional will give you a
comprehensive review of all your medications. During the review, you can talk about your medications,
your costs, and any problems or questions you have about your prescription and over‑the‑counter
medications. You’ll get a written summary which has a recommended to‑do list that includes steps you
should take to get the best results from your medications. You’ll also get a medication list that will include
all the medications you’re taking, how much you take, and when and why you take them. In addition,
members in the MTM program will get information on the safe disposal of prescription medications that
are controlled substances.
It’s a good idea to talk to your doctor about your recommended to‑do list and medication list. Bring the
summary with you to your visit or anytime you talk with your doctors, pharmacists, and other health care
providers. Keep your medication list up to date and with you (for example, with your ID) in case you go to
the hospital or emergency room.

124 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 5. Using plan coverage for Part D drugs
If we have a program that fits your needs, we’ll automatically enroll you in the program and send you
information. If you decide not to participate, notify us and we’ll withdraw you. For questions about this
program, call Member Services at 1‑866‑409‑1221 (TTY users call 711).

CHAPTER 6:
What you pay for Part D drugs
SECTION 1 What you pay for Part D drugs
We use “drug” in this chapter to mean a Part D prescription drug. Not all drugs are Part D drugs. Some
drugs are excluded from Part D coverage by law. Some of the drugs excluded from Part D coverage are
covered under Medicare Part A or Part B.
To understand the payment information, you need to know what drugs are covered, where to fill your
prescriptions, and what rules to follow when you get your covered drugs. Chapter 5 explains these rules.
When you use our plan’s “Real‑Time Benefit Tool” to look up drug coverage
AetnaMedicare.com/formulary, the cost you see shows an estimate of the out‑of‑pocket costs you’re
expected to pay. You can also get information provided in the “Real‑Time Benefit Tool” by calling Member
Services at 1‑866‑409‑1221 (TTY users call 711).
How can you get information about your drug costs?
Because you're eligible for Medicaid, you qualify for and are getting Extra Help from Medicare to pay for
your prescription drug plan costs. Because you're in Extra Help program, some information in this
Evidence of Coverage about the costs for Part D prescription drugs does not apply to you. We sent you
a separate insert, called the Evidence of Coverage Rider for People Who Get Extra Help Paying for
Prescription Drugs (also known as the Low Income Subsidy Rider or the LIS Rider), which tells you about
your drug coverage. If you don’t have this insert, call Member Services at 1‑866‑409‑1221 (TTY users call
711) and ask for the LIS Rider.
Section 1.1 Types of out‑of‑pocket costs you may pay for covered drugs
There are 3 different types of out‑of‑pocket costs for covered Part D drugs that you may be asked to pay:
• Deductible is the amount you pay for drugs before our plan starts to pay our share.
• Copayment is a fixed amount you pay each time you fill a prescription.
• Coinsurance is a percentage of the total cost you pay each time you fill a prescription.
Section 1.2 How Medicare calculates your out‑of‑pocket costs
Medicare has rules about what counts and what doesn’t count toward your out‑of‑pocket costs. Here are
the rules we must follow to keep track of your out‑of‑pocket costs.
These payments are included in your out‑of‑pocket costs
Your out‑of‑pocket costs include the payments listed below (as long as they’re for covered Part D drugs
and you followed the rules for drug coverage explained in Chapter 5):
• The amount you pay for drugs when you’re in the following drug payment stages:
The Deductible Stage
○
The Initial Coverage Stage
○
• Any payments you made during this calendar year as a member of a different Medicare drug plan
before you joined our plan.

126 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 6. What you pay for Part D drugs
• Any payments for your drugs made by family or friends.
• Any payments made for your drugs by Extra Help from Medicare, employer or union health plans,
Indian Health Service, AIDS drug assistance programs, State Pharmaceutical Assistance Programs
(SPAPs), and most charities.
Moving to the Catastrophic Coverage Stage:
When you (or those paying on your behalf) have spent a total of $2,100 in out‑of‑pocket costs within the
calendar year, you move from the Initial Coverage Stage to the Catastrophic Coverage Stage.
These payments aren’t included in your out‑of‑pocket costs
Your out‑of‑pocket costs don’t include any of these types of payments:
• Drugs you buy outside the United States and its territories.
• Drugs that aren’t covered by our plan.
• Drugs you get at an out‑of‑network pharmacy that don’t meet our plan’s requirements for
out‑of‑network coverage.
• Non‑Part D drugs, including prescription drugs covered by Part A or Part B and other drugs
excluded from coverage by Medicare.
• Payments you make toward drugs not normally covered in a Medicare Drug Plan.
• Payments for your drugs made by certain insurance plans and government‑funded health programs
such as TRICARE and the Veterans Health Administration (VA)
• Payments for your drugs made by a third‑party with a legal obligation to pay for prescription costs
(for example, Workers’ Compensation.)
• Payments made by drug manufacturers under the Manufacturer Discount Program.
Reminder: If any other organization like the ones listed above pays part or all your out‑of‑pocket costs for
drugs, you’re required to tell our plan by calling Member Services at 1‑866‑409‑1221 (TTY users call 711).
Tracking your out‑of‑pocket total costs
• The Part D Explanation of Benefits (EOB) you get includes the current total of your out‑of‑pocket
costs. When this amount reaches $2,100, the Part D EOB will tell you that you left the Initial Coverage
Stage and moved to the Catastrophic Coverage Stage.
• Make sure we have the information we need. Go to Section 3.1 to learn what you can do to help
make sure our records of what you spent are complete and up to date.
SECTION 2 Drug payment stages for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D‑SNP) members
There are 3 drug payment stages for your drug coverage under Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D‑SNP). How
much you pay for each prescription depends on what stage you're in when you get a prescription filled or
refilled. Details of each stage are explained in this chapter. The stages are:
Stage 1: Yearly Deductible Stage
Stage 2: Initial Coverage Stage
Stage 3: Catastrophic Coverage Stage

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 127
Chapter 6. What you pay for Part D drugs
SECTION 3 Your Part D Explanation of Benefits (EOB) explains which payment stage
you're in
Our plan keeps track of your prescription drug costs and the payments you make when you get
prescriptions at the pharmacy. This way, we can tell you when you move from one drug payment stage to
the next. We track 2 types of costs:
• Out‑of‑Pocket Costs: this is how much you paid. This includes what you paid when you get a
covered Part D drug, any payments for your drugs made by family or friends, and any payments
made for your drugs by Extra Help from Medicare, employer or union health plans, Indian Health
Service, AIDS drug assistance programs, charities, and most State Pharmaceutical Assistance
Programs (SPAPs).
• Total Drug Costs: this is the total of all payments made for your covered Part D drugs. It includes
what our plan paid, what you paid, and what other programs or organizations paid for your covered
Part D drugs.
If you filled one or more prescriptions through our plan during the previous month, we'll send you a Part D
EOB. The Part D EOB includes:
• Information for that month. This report gives payment details about prescriptions you filled during
the previous month. It shows the total drug costs, what our plan paid, and what you and others paid
on your behalf.
• Totals for the year since January 1. This shows the total drug costs and total payments for your
drugs since the year began.
• Drug price information. This displays the total drug price, and information about changes in price
from first fill for each prescription claim of the same quantity.
• Available lower cost alternative prescriptions. This shows information about other available drugs
with lower cost sharing for each prescription claim, if applicable.
Section 3.1 Help us keep our information about your drug payments up to date
To keep track of your drug costs and the payments you make for drugs, we use records we get from
pharmacies. Here’s how you can help us keep your information correct and up to date:
• Show your membership card every time you get a prescription filled. This helps make sure we
know about the prescriptions you fill and what you pay.
• Make sure we have the information we need. There are times you may pay for the entire cost of a
prescription drug. In these cases, we won’t automatically get the information we need to keep track
of your out‑of‑pocket costs. To help us keep track of your out‑of‑pocket costs, give us copies of
your receipts. Examples of when you should give us copies of your drug receipts:
When you purchase a covered drug at a network pharmacy at a special price or use a discount
○
card that's not part of our plan's benefit.
When you pay a copayment for drugs provided under a drug manufacturer patient assistance
○
program.
Any time you buy covered drugs at out‑of‑network pharmacies or pay the full price for a
○
covered drug under special circumstances.
If you’re billed for a covered drug, you can ask our plan to pay our share of the cost. For
○
instructions on how to do this, go to Chapter 7, Section 2.
• Send us information about the payments others make for you. Payments made by certain other
people and organizations also count toward your out‑of‑pocket costs. For example, payments made
by a State Pharmaceutical Assistance Program, an AIDS drug assistance program (ADAP), the
Indian Health Service, and charities count toward your out‑of‑pocket costs. Keep a record of these
payments and send them to us so we can track your costs.

128 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 6. What you pay for Part D drugs
• Check the written report we send you. When you get the Part D EOB, look it over to be sure the
information is complete and correct. If you think something is missing or have questions, call
Member Services at 1‑866‑409‑1221 (TTY users call 711). Be sure to keep these reports.
SECTION 4 The Deductible Stage
Because most of our members get Extra Help with their prescription drug costs, the Deductible Stage
doesn’t apply to most members. If you get Extra Help, this payment stage doesn’t apply to you.
If you don't get Extra Help, the Deductible Stage is the first payment stage for your drug coverage. The
deductible doesn't apply to covered insulin products and most adult Part D vaccines, including shingles,
tetanus, and travel vaccines. You’ll pay a yearly deductible of $615 on Tier 3, Tier 4, and Tier 5 drugs. You
must pay the full cost of your Tier 3, Tier 4, and Tier 5 drugs until you reach our plan’s deductible
amount. For all other drugs, you won’t have to pay any deductible. The full cost is usually lower than the
normal full price of the drug since our plan negotiated lower costs for most drugs at network pharmacies.
The full cost cannot exceed the maximum fair price plus dispensing fees for drugs with negotiated prices
under the Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program.
SECTION 5 The Initial Coverage Stage
Section 5.1 What you pay for a drug depends on the drug and where you fill your
prescription
During the Initial Coverage Stage, our plan pays its share of the cost of your covered drugs, and you pay
your share (your copayment or coinsurance amount). Your share of the cost will vary depending on the
drug and where you fill your prescription.
Our plan has 5 cost‑sharing tiers
Every drug on our plan’s Drug List is in one of 5 cost‑sharing tiers. In general, the higher the cost‑sharing
tier number, the higher your cost for the drug:
• Tier 1: Preferred Generic
Many common lower cost generic drugs.
• Tier 2: Generic
Higher cost generic drugs.
• Tier 3: Preferred Brand
Many common brand name drugs and some higher cost generic drugs.
• Tier 4: Non‑Preferred Drug
Higher cost brand name and generic drugs for which a lower cost alternative is often available.
• Tier 5: Specialty
High‑cost brand and generic drugs meeting Medicare’s definition of a specialty drug.
• Insulins: Regardless of tier, you pay no more than $35 per month supply of each covered insulin
product.
To find out which cost‑sharing tier your drug is in, look it up in our plan’s Drug List.
Your pharmacy choices
How much you pay for a drug depends on whether you get the drug from:
• A network retail pharmacy.
• A pharmacy that isn’t in our plan’s network. We cover prescriptions filled at out‑of‑network
pharmacies in only limited situations. Go to Chapter 5, Section 2.4 to find out when we’ll cover a

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 129
Chapter 6. What you pay for Part D drugs
prescription filled at an out‑of‑network pharmacy.
• Our plan’s mail‑order pharmacy.
For more information about these pharmacy choices and filling your prescriptions, go to Chapter 5 and our
plan’s Provider & Pharmacy Directory (AetnaMedicare.com/findpharmacy).
Section 5.2 Your costs for a one‑month supply of a covered drug
During the Initial Coverage Stage, your share of the cost of a covered drug will be either a copayment or
coinsurance.
The amount of the copayment or coinsurance depends on the cost‑sharing tier.
Sometimes the cost of the drug is lower than your copayment. In these cases, you will pay the lower price
for the drug instead of the copayment.
Your costs for a one‑month supply of a covered Part D drug
Standard retail Mail‑order cost Long‑term care Out‑of‑network cost
in‑network cost sharing (LTC) cost sharing
sharing (up to a 30‑day sharing (Coverage is limited to
(up to a 30‑day supply) (up to a 31‑day certain situations; go to
supply) supply) Chapter 5 for details.)
Tier (up to a 10‑day supply)
Cost‑Sharing Tier 1 $0 $0 $0 $0
(Preferred Generic)
Cost‑Sharing $0 $0 $0 $0
Tier 2
(Generic)
Cost‑Sharing 22% 22% 22% 22%
Tier 3
(Preferred Brand) OR OR OR OR
For generic or For generic or For generic or For generic or brand
brand drugs treated brand drugs treated brand drugs drugs treated like
like generics: $0, like generics: $0, treated like generics: $0, $1.60, or
$1.60, or $5.10 $1.60, or $5.10 generics: $0, $5.10
$1.60, or $5.10
For brand drugs: For brand drugs: For brand drugs: $0,
$0, $4.90, or $12.65 $0, $4.90, or $12.65 For brand drugs: $4.90, or $12.65
$0, $4.90, or
$12.65

130 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 6. What you pay for Part D drugs
Standard retail Mail‑order cost Long‑term care Out‑of‑network cost
in‑network cost sharing (LTC) cost sharing
sharing (up to a 30‑day sharing (Coverage is limited to
(up to a 30‑day supply) (up to a 31‑day certain situations; go to
supply) supply) Chapter 5 for details.)
Tier (up to a 10‑day supply)
Cost‑Sharing 25% 25% 25% 25%
Tier 4
(Non‑Preferred OR OR OR OR
Drug)
For generic or For generic or For generic or For generic or brand
brand drugs treated brand drugs treated brand drugs drugs treated like
like generics: $0, like generics: $0, treated like generics: $0, $1.60, or
$1.60, or $5.10 $1.60, or $5.10 generics: $0, $5.10
$1.60, or $5.10
For brand drugs: For brand drugs: For brand drugs: $0,
$0, $4.90, or $12.65 $0, $4.90, or $12.65 For brand drugs: $4.90, or $12.65
$0, $4.90, or
$12.65
Cost‑Sharing 25% 25% 25% 25%
Tier 5
(Specialty) OR OR OR OR
For generic or For generic or For generic or For generic or brand
brand drugs treated brand drugs treated brand drugs drugs treated like
like generics: $0, like generics: $0, treated like generics: $0, $1.60, or
$1.60, or $5.10 $1.60, or $5.10 generics: $0, $5.10
$1.60, or $5.10
For brand drugs: For brand drugs: For brand drugs: $0,
$0, $4.90, or $12.65 $0, $4.90, or $12.65 For brand drugs: $4.90, or $12.65
$0, $4.90, or
$12.65
Insulins You won’t pay more than $35 for a one‑month supply of each covered insulin
product regardless of the cost‑sharing tier, even if you haven’t paid your deductible.
Go to Section 7 for more information on cost‑sharing for Part D vaccines.
Section 5.3 If your doctor prescribes less than a full month’s supply, you may not have to pay
the cost of the entire month’s supply
Typically, the amount you pay for a drug covers a full month’s supply. There may be times when you or
your doctor would like you to have less than a month’s supply of a drug (for example, when you’re trying a
medication for the first time). You can also ask your doctor to prescribe, and your pharmacist to dispense,
less than a full month’s supply, if this will help you better plan refill dates.
If you get less than a full month’s supply of certain drugs, you won't have to pay for the full month’s supply.
• If you’re responsible for coinsurance, you pay a percentage of the total cost of the drug. Since the
coinsurance is based on the total cost of the drug, your costs will be lower since the total cost for the
drug will be lower.
• If you’re responsible for a copayment for the drug, you only pay for the number of days of the drug
that you get instead of a whole month. We calculate the amount you pay per day for your drug (the
daily cost‑sharing rate) and multiply it by the number of days of the drug you get.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 131
Chapter 6. What you pay for Part D drugs
Section 5.4 Your costs for a long‑term (up to a 100‑day) supply of a covered Part D drug
For some drugs, you can get a long‑term supply (also called an extended supply). A long‑term supply is up
to a 100‑day supply.
Your costs for a long‑term (up to a 100‑day) supply for a covered Part D drug
Standard retail cost sharing Mail‑order cost sharing
(in‑network) (up to a 100‑day supply)
Tier (up to a 100‑day supply)
Cost‑Sharing
Tier 1 $0 $0
(Preferred Generic)
Cost‑Sharing
Tier 2 $0 $0
(Generic)
Cost‑Sharing 22% 22%
Tier 3
(Preferred Brand) OR OR
For generic or brand drugs For generic or brand drugs
treated like generics: $0, $1.60, treated like generics: $0, $1.60,
or $5.10 or $5.10
For brand drugs: $0, $4.90, or For brand drugs: $0, $4.90, or
$12.65 $12.65
Cost‑Sharing 25% 25%
Tier 4
(Non‑Preferred Drug) OR OR
For generic or brand drugs For generic or brand drugs
treated like generics: $0, $1.60, treated like generics: $0, $1.60,
or $5.10 or $5.10
For brand drugs: $0, $4.90, or For brand drugs: $0, $4.90, or
$12.65 $12.65
Cost‑Sharing
Tier 5 A long‑term supply is not available for drugs in Tier 5.
(Specialty)
Insulins You won’t pay more than $70 for up to a 2‑month supply or $105 for
up to a 3‑month supply of each covered insulin product regardless
of the cost‑sharing tier, even if you haven’t paid your deductible.
Section 5.5 You stay in the Initial Coverage Stage until your out‑of‑pocket costs for the year
reach $2,100
You stay in the Initial Coverage Stage until your total out‑of‑pocket costs reach $2,100. You then move to
the Catastrophic Coverage Stage.

132 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 6. What you pay for Part D drugs
The Part D EOB you get will help you keep track of how much you, our plan, and any third parties, have
spent on your behalf during the year. Not all members will reach the $2,100 out‑of‑pocket limit in a year.
We’ll let you know if you reach this amount. Go to Section 1.2 for more information on how Medicare
calculates your out‑of‑pocket costs.
SECTION 6 The Catastrophic Coverage Stage
In the Catastrophic Coverage Stage, you pay nothing for covered Part D drugs. You enter the Catastrophic
Coverage Stage when your out‑of‑pocket costs reach the $2,100 limit for the calendar year. Once you’re in
the Catastrophic Coverage Stage, you’ll stay in this payment stage until the end of the calendar year.
• During this payment stage, you pay nothing for your Part D covered drugs.
SECTION 7 What you pay for Part D vaccines
Important message about what you pay for vaccines — Some vaccines are considered medical benefits
and are covered under Part B. Other vaccines are considered Part D drugs. You can find these vaccines
listed in our plan’s Drug List. Our plan covers most adult Part D vaccines at no cost to you, even if you
haven’t paid your deductible. Go to our plan’s Drug List or call Member Services at 1‑866‑409‑1221 (TTY
users call 711) for coverage and cost‑sharing details about specific vaccines.
There are 2 parts to our coverage of Part D vaccines:
• The first part is the cost of the vaccine itself.
• The second part is for the cost of giving you the vaccine. (This is sometimes called the
administration of the vaccine.)
Your costs for a Part D vaccine depend on 3 things:
1. Whether the vaccine is recommended for adults by an organization called the Advisory
Committee on Immunization Practices (ACIP).
• Most adult Part D vaccines are recommended by ACIP and cost you nothing.
2. Where you get the vaccine.
• The vaccine itself may be dispensed by a pharmacy or provided by the doctor’s office.
3. Who gives you the vaccine.
• A pharmacist or another provider may give the vaccine in the pharmacy. Or, a provider may
give it in the doctor’s office.
What you pay at the time you get the Part D vaccine can vary depending on the circumstances and what
drug payment stage you’re in.
• When you get a vaccine, you may have to pay the entire cost for both the vaccine itself and the cost
for the provider to give you the vaccine. You can ask our plan to pay you back for our share of the
cost. For most adult Part D vaccines, this means you’ll be reimbursed the entire cost you paid.
• Other times, when you get a vaccine, you pay only your share of the cost under your Part D benefit.
For most adult Part D vaccines, you pay nothing.
Below are 3 examples of ways you might get a Part D vaccine.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 133
Chapter 6. What you pay for Part D drugs
Situation 1: You get the Part D vaccine at the network pharmacy. (Whether you have this choice
depends on where you live. Some states don’t allow pharmacies to give certain vaccines.)
• For most adult Part D vaccines, you pay nothing.
• For other Part D vaccines, you pay the pharmacy your coinsurance or copayment
for the vaccine itself which includes the cost of giving you the vaccine.
• Our plan will pay the remainder of the costs.
Situation 2: You get the Part D vaccine at your doctor’s office.
• When you get the vaccine, you may have to pay the entire cost of the vaccine itself
and the cost for the provider to give it to you.
• You can then ask our plan to pay our share of the cost by using the procedures
described in Chapter 7.
• For most adult Part D vaccines, you’ll be reimbursed the full amount you paid. For
other Part D vaccines, you’ll be reimbursed the amount you paid less any
coinsurance or copayment for the vaccine (including administration), and less any
difference between the amount the doctor charges and what we normally pay. (If
you get Extra Help, we’ll reimburse you for this difference.)
Situation 3: You buy the Part D vaccine itself at the network pharmacy and take it to your doctor’s
office where they give you the vaccine.
• For most adult Part D vaccines, you pay nothing for the vaccine itself.
• For other Part D vaccines, you pay the pharmacy your coinsurance or copayment
for the vaccine itself.
• When your doctor gives you the vaccine, you may have to pay the entire cost for this
service.
• You can then ask our plan to pay our share of the cost by using the procedures in
Chapter 7.
• For most adult Part D vaccines, you’ll be reimbursed the full amount you paid. For
other Part D vaccines, you’ll be reimbursed the amount you paid less any
coinsurance for the vaccine administration, and less any difference between the
amount the doctor charges and what we normally pay. (If you get Extra Help, we’ll
reimburse you for this difference.)

Chapter 7:
Asking us to pay our share of a bill for covered
medical services or drugs
SECTION 1 Situations when you should ask us to pay our share for covered services or
drugs
Our network providers bill our plan directly for your covered services and drugs — you shouldn't get a bill
for covered services or drugs. If you get a bill for the full cost of medical care or drugs you got, send this
bill to us so that we can pay it. When you send us the bill, we'll look at the bill and decide whether the
services and drugs should be covered. If we decide they should be covered, we'll pay the provider directly.
If you already paid for a Medicare service or item covered by our plan, you can ask our plan to pay you
back (paying you back is often called reimburse you). It is your right to be paid back by our plan whenever
you’ve paid more than your share of the cost for medical services or drugs that are covered by our plan.
There may be deadlines that you must meet to get paid back. Go to Section 2 of this chapter. When you
send us a bill you've already paid, we'll look at the bill and decide whether the services or drugs should be
covered. If we decide they should be covered, we'll pay you back for the services or drugs.
There may also be times when you get a bill from a provider for the full cost of medical care you got or for
more than your share of cost sharing. First, try to resolve the bill with the provider. If that doesn’t work,
send the bill to us instead of paying it. We’ll look at the bill and decide whether the services should be
covered. If we decide they should be covered, we’ll pay the provider directly. If we decide not to pay it,
we’ll notify the provider. You should never pay more than plan‑allowed cost‑sharing. If this provider is
contracted, you still have the right to treatment.
Examples of situations in which you may need to ask our plan to pay you back or to pay a bill you got:
1. When you got emergency or urgently needed medical care from a provider who’s not in our plan’s
network
You can get emergency or urgently needed services from any provider, whether or not the provider is a
part of our network. In these cases, ask the provider to bill our plan.
• If you pay the entire amount yourself at the time you get the care, ask us to pay you back for our
share of the cost. Send us the bill, along with documentation of any payments you made.
• You may get a bill from the provider asking for payment that you think you don’t owe. Send us this
bill, along with documentation of any payments you already made.
If the provider is owed anything, we’ll pay the provider directly.
○
If you already paid for the service, we’ll determine how much you owed and pay you back for
○
our share of the cost.
2. When a network provider sends you a bill you think you shouldn’t pay
Network providers should always bill our plan directly. But sometimes they make mistakes and ask you to
pay for your services.
• Whenever you get a bill from a network provider, send us the bill. We’ll contact the provider directly
and resolve the billing problem.
• If you already paid a bill to a network provider, send us the bill along with documentation of any
payment you made. Ask us to pay you back for your covered services.
3. If you’re retroactively enrolled in our plan
Sometimes a person’s enrollment in our plan is retroactive. (This means that the first day of their
enrollment has already passed. The enrollment date may even have occurred last year.)

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 135
Chapter 7. Asking us to pay our share of a bill for covered medical services or drugs
If you were retroactively enrolled in our plan and you paid out‑of‑pocket for any of your covered services
or drugs after your enrollment date, you can ask us to pay you back for our share of the costs. You need to
submit paperwork such as receipts and bills for us to handle the reimbursement.
4. When you use an out‑of‑network pharmacy to fill a prescription
If you go to an out‑of‑network pharmacy, the pharmacy may not be able to submit the claim directly to us.
When that happens, you have to pay the full cost of your prescription.
Save your receipt and send a copy to us when you ask us to pay you back for our share of the cost.
Remember that we only cover out‑of‑network pharmacies in limited circumstances. Go to Chapter 5,
Section 2.4 to learn more about these circumstances. We may not pay you back the difference between
what you paid for the drug at the out‑of‑network pharmacy and the amount that we’d pay at an in‑network
pharmacy.
5. When you pay the full cost for a prescription because you don’t have our plan membership card
with you
If you don’t have our plan membership card with you, you can ask the pharmacy to call our plan or look up
our plan enrollment information. If the pharmacy can’t get the enrollment information they need right
away, you may need to pay the full cost of the prescription yourself. Save your receipt and send a copy to
us when you ask us to pay you back for our share of the cost. We may not pay you back the full cost you
paid if the cash price you paid is higher than our negotiated price for the prescription.
6. When you pay the full cost for a prescription in other situations
You may pay the full cost of the prescription because you find the drug isn’t covered for some reason.
• For example, the drug may not be on our plan’s Drug List or it could have a requirement or restriction
you didn’t know about or don’t think should apply to you. If you decide to get the drug immediately,
you may need to pay the full cost for it.
• Save your receipt and send a copy to us when you ask us to pay you back. In some situations, we
may need to get more information from your doctor to pay you back for our share of the cost of the
drug. We may not pay you back the full cost you paid if the cash price you paid is higher than our
negotiated price for the prescription.
When you send us a request for payment, we’ll review your request and decide whether the service or
drug should be covered. This is called making a coverage decision. If we decide it should be covered,
we'll pay for our share of the cost for the service or drug. If we deny your request for payment, you can
appeal our decision. Chapter 9 has information about how to make an appeal.
SECTION 2 How to ask us to pay you back or pay a bill you got
You can ask us to pay you back by either calling us or sending us a request in writing. If you send a request
in writing, send your bill and documentation of any payment you’ve made. It’s a good idea to make a copy
of your bill and receipts for your records. You must submit your medical and Part B vaccine claims to us
within 12 months of the date you got the service, item, or Part B drug. You must submit your Part D
prescription drug claims to us within 36 months of the date you got the service, item, or Part D drug.
To make sure you’re giving us all the information we need to make a decision, you can fill out our claim
form to make your request for payment.
• You don’t have to use the form, but it’ll help us process the information faster. The form requires you
to provide information such as: name, address, Aetna ID number, provider name, provider NPI
(national provider identifier), provider TIN (taxpayer identification number), provider address, date of
service, reimbursement type, description of service(s), and charge(s).

136 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 7. Asking us to pay our share of a bill for covered medical services or drugs
• Download a copy of the form from our website (AetnaMedicare.com) or call Member Services at
1‑866‑409‑1221 (TTY users call 711) and ask for the form.
For medical claims (including vaccines for preventing COVID‑19, Flu/influenza, Pneumonia): Mail your
request for payment together with any bills or paid receipts to us at this address:
Aetna Medicare
PO Box 981106
El Paso, TX 79998‑1106
For Part D prescription drug claims (including vaccines for preventing Shingles, or Chickenpox): Mail
your request for payment together with any bills or paid receipts to us at this address:
Aetna Medicare
Aetna Pharmacy Management
PO Box 52446
Phoenix, AZ 85072‑2446
SECTION 3 We’ll consider your request for payment and say yes or no
When we get your request for payment, we’ll let you know if we need any additional information from you.
Otherwise, we’ll consider your request and make a coverage decision.
• If we decide the medical care or drug is covered and you followed all the rules, we’ll pay for our
share of the cost for the service or drug. If you already paid for the service or drug, we’ll mail your
reimbursement of our share of the cost to you. If you paid the full cost of a drug, you might not be
reimbursed the full amount you paid (for example, if you got a drug at an out‑of‑network pharmacy
or if the cash price you paid for a drug is higher than our negotiated price). If you haven't paid for the
service or drug yet, we’ll mail the payment directly to the provider.
• If we decide that the medical care or drug is not covered, or you did not follow all the rules, we won’t
pay for our share of the cost of the care or drug. We’ll send you a letter explaining the reasons why
we aren’t sending the payment and your rights to appeal that decision.
If we tell you we won’t pay for all or part of the medical care or drug, you can
Section 3.1
make an appeal
If you think we made a mistake in turning down your request for payment or the amount we’re paying, you
can make an appeal. If you make an appeal, it means you’re asking us to change the decision we made
when we turned down your request for payment. The appeals process is a formal process with detailed
procedures and important deadlines. For the details on how to make this appeal, go to Chapter 9.

Chapter 8:
Your rights and responsibilities
SECTION 1 Our plan must honor your rights and cultural sensitivities
Section 1.1 We must provide information in a way that works for you and consistent with
your cultural sensitivities (in languages other than English, braille, large print, or
other alternate formats, etc.)
Our plan is required to ensure that all services, both clinical and non‑clinical, are provided in a culturally
competent manner and are accessible to all enrollees, including those with limited English proficiency,
limited reading skills, hearing incapacity, or those with diverse cultural and ethnic backgrounds. Examples
of how our plan may meet these accessibility requirements include, but aren’t limited to, provision of
translator services, interpreter services, teletypewriters, or TTY (text telephone or teletypewriter phone)
connection.
Our plan has free interpreter services available to answer questions from non‑English speaking members.
We can also give you materials in languages other than English including Spanish, and braille, in large
print, or other alternate formats at no cost if you need it. We’re required to give you information about our
plan’s benefits in a format that’s accessible and appropriate for you. To get information from us in a way
that works for you, call Member Services at 1‑866‑409‑1221 (TTY users call 711).
Our plan is required to give female enrollees the option of direct access to a women’s health specialist
within the network for women’s routine and preventive health care services.
If providers in our plan’s network for a specialty aren’t available, it’s our plan’s responsibility to locate
specialty providers outside the network who will provide you with the necessary care. In this case, you’ll
only pay in‑network cost sharing. If you find yourself in a situation where there are no specialists in our
plan’s network that cover a service you need, call our plan for information on where to go to get this
service at in‑network cost sharing.
If you have any trouble getting information from our plan in a format that’s accessible and appropriate for
you, seeing a women’s health specialist or finding a network specialist, call to file a grievance with
Member Services (phone numbers are printed on the back cover of this document). You can also file a
complaint with Medicare by calling 1‑800‑MEDICARE (1‑800‑633‑4227) or directly with the Office for Civil
Rights 1‑800‑368‑1019 or TTY 1‑800‑537‑7697.
Sección 1.1
Debemos proporcionarle información de una manera que sea conveniente para
usted y compatible con sus sensibilidades culturales (en otros idiomas además
de español, en braille, en tamaño de letra grande o en otros formatos
alternativos, etc.).
Nuestro plan está obligado a garantizar que todos los servicios, tanto clínicos como no clínicos, se presten
de forma culturalmente competente y sean accesibles a todos los inscritos, incluidos los que tienen un
dominio limitado del inglés, una capacidad limitada de lectura, una incapacidad auditiva o un origen
cultural y étnico diverso. Entre los ejemplos de cómo nuestro plan puede cumplir con estos requisitos de
accesibilidad se incluyen, entre otros, proveer servicios de traducción, servicios de interpretación,
teletipos o TTY (teléfono o teléfono de teletipo).
Nuestro plan cuenta con servicios de interpretación gratuitos disponibles para responder las preguntas de
los miembros que no hablan inglés. También podemos brindarle información en otros idiomas además de
inglés, incluido español y braille, en letra grande u otros formatos alternativos, sin costo alguno si lo
necesita. Tenemos la obligación de brindarle información sobre los beneficios de nuestro plan en un

138 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 8. Your rights and responsibilities
formato que sea accesible y apropiado para usted. Para obtener información nuestra de una manera que
sea conveniente para usted, llame a Servicios para Miembros al 1‑866‑409‑1221 (los usuarios de TTY
deben llamar al 711).
Nuestro plan está obligado a brindar a las mujeres inscritas la opción de acceso directo a un especialista
en salud de la mujer dentro de la red para servicios de atención médica preventiva y de rutina para las
mujeres.
Si no hay proveedores de una especialidad disponibles en la red de nuestro plan, es responsabilidad de
nuestro plan localizar proveedores especializados fuera de la red que le proporcionen la atención
necesaria. En este caso, usted solo pagará el costo compartido dentro de la red. Si se encuentra en una
situación en la que no hay especialistas en la red de nuestro plan que cubran el servicio que necesita,
llame al plan para obtener información sobre dónde puede obtener este servicio al costo compartido
dentro de la red.
Si tiene algún problema para obtener información de nuestro plan en un formato que sea accesible y
apropiado para usted, para consultar a un especialista en salud de la mujer o para encontrar un
especialista de la red, llame para presentar una queja ante el Servicio para Miembros al 1‑866‑409‑1221
(los usuarios de TTY deben llamar al 711). También puede presentar un reclamo ante Medicare llamando
al 1‑800‑MEDICARE (1‑800‑633‑4227) o directamente ante la Oficina de Derechos Civiles llamando al
1‑800‑368‑1019 o, si es usuario de TTY, al 1‑800‑537‑7697.
Section 1.2 We must ensure you get timely access to covered services and drugs
You have the right to choose a primary care provider (PCP) in our plan’s network to provide and arrange
for your covered services. We don’t require you to get referrals to go to network providers.
You have the right to get appointments and covered services from our plan’s network of providers within a
reasonable amount of time. This includes the right to get timely services from specialists when you need
that care. You also have the right to get your prescriptions filled or refilled at any of our network
pharmacies without long delays.
If you think you aren’t getting your medical care or Part D drugs within a reasonable amount of time,
Chapter 9 tells what you can do.
Section 1.3 We must protect the privacy of your personal health information
Federal and state laws protect the privacy of your medical records and personal health information. We
protect your personal health information as required by these laws.
• Your personal health information includes the personal information you gave us when you enrolled
in this plan as well as your medical records and other medical and health information.
• You have rights related to your information and controlling how your health information is used. We
give you a written notice, called a Notice of Privacy Practice, that tells about these rights and
explains how we protect the privacy of your health information.
How do we protect the privacy of your health information?
• We make sure that unauthorized people don’t see or change your records.
• Except for the circumstances noted below, if we intend to give your health information to anyone
who isn’t providing your care or paying for your care, we’re required to get written permission from
you or someone you’ve given legal power to make decisions for you first.
• There are certain exceptions that don’t require us to get your written permission first. These

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 139
Chapter 8. Your rights and responsibilities
exceptions are allowed or required by law.
We’re required to release health information to government agencies that are checking on
○
quality of care.
Because you’re a member of our plan through Medicare, we’re required to give Medicare your
○
health information including information about your Part D prescription drugs. If Medicare
releases your information for research or other uses, this will be done according to federal
statutes and regulations; typically, this requires that information that uniquely identifies you
not be shared.
You can see the information in your records and know how it’s been shared with others
You have the right to look at your medical records held at our plan, and to get a copy of your records.
We’re allowed to charge you a fee for making copies. You also have the right to ask us to make additions
or corrections to your medical records. If you ask us to do this, we’ll work with your health care provider to
decide whether the changes should be made.
You have the right to know how your health information has been shared with others for any purposes that
aren’t routine.
You have the right to make recommendations regarding our organizations member rights and
responsibilities policy.
If you have questions or concerns about the privacy of your personal health information, call Member
Services at 1‑866‑409‑1221 (TTY users call 711).
Section 1.4 We must give you information about our plan, our network of providers, and your
covered services
As a member of Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D‑SNP), you have the right to get several kinds of information
from us.
If you want any of the following kinds of information, call Member Services at 1‑866‑409‑1221 (TTY users
call 711):
• Information about our plan. This includes, for example, information about our plan’s financial
condition.
• Information about our network providers and network pharmacies. You have the right to get
information about the qualifications of the providers and pharmacies in our network and how we pay
the providers in our network.
• Information about your coverage and the rules you must follow when using your
coverage. Chapters 3 and 4 provide information regarding medical services. Chapters 5 and 6
provide information about Part D drug coverage.
• Information about why something isn’t covered and what you can do about it. Chapter 9
provides information on asking for a written explanation on why a medical service or Part D drug
isn’t covered or if your coverage is restricted. Chapter 9 also provides information on asking us to
change a decision, also called an appeal.
• Information from interpreters. Our plan interpreter services are available in all languages including
American Sign Language. Interpreter services are available for on‑site interpretation during a
medical appointment. If you require these services, please contact Member Services at least two
weeks in advance of your scheduled appointment.
Section 1.5 You have the right to know about your treatment options and participate in
decisions about your care
You have the right to get full information from your doctors and other health care providers. Your
providers must explain your medical condition and your treatment choices in a way that you can
understand.

140 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 8. Your rights and responsibilities
You also have the right to participate fully in decisions about your health care. To help you make decisions
with your doctors about what treatment is best for you, your rights include the following:
• To know about all your choices. You have the right to be told about all treatment options
recommended for your condition, no matter what they cost or whether they’re covered by our plan.
It also includes being told about programs our plan offers to help members manage their
medications and use drugs safely.
• To know about the risks. You have the right to be told about any risks involved in your care. You
must be told in advance if any proposed medical care or treatment is part of a research experiment.
You always have the choice to refuse any experimental treatments.
• The right to say “no.” You have the right to refuse any recommended treatment. This includes the
right to leave a hospital or other medical facility, even if your doctor advises you not to leave. You
also have the right to stop taking your medication. If you refuse treatment or stop taking medication,
you accept full responsibility for what happens to your body as a result.
You have the right to give instructions about what’s to be done if you can’t make medical decisions
for yourself
Sometimes people become unable to make health care decisions for themselves due to accidents or
serious illness. You have the right to say what you want to happen if you’re in this situation. This means, if
you want to, you can:
• Fill out a written form to give someone the legal authority to make medical decisions for you if you
ever become unable to make decisions for yourself.
• Give your doctors written instructions about how you want them to handle your medical care if
you become unable to make decisions for yourself.
Legal documents you can use to give directions in advance in these situations are called advance
directives. Documents like a living will and power of attorney for health care are examples of advance
directives.
How to set up an advance directive to give instructions:
• Get a form. You can get an advance directive form from your lawyer, a social worker, or some office
supply stores. You can sometimes get advance directive forms from organizations that give people
information about Medicare. You can also contact Member Services at 1‑866‑409‑1221 (TTY users
call 711) to ask for the forms.
• Fill out the form and sign it. No matter where you get this form, it’s a legal document. Consider
having a lawyer help you prepare it.
• Give copies of the form to the right people. Give a copy of the form to your doctor and to the
person you name on the form who can make decisions for you if you can’t. You may want to give
copies to close friends or family members. Keep a copy at home.
If you know ahead of time that you’re going to be hospitalized, and you signed an advance directive, take
a copy with you to the hospital.
• The hospital will ask whether you signed an advance directive form and whether you have it with
you.
• If you didn’t sign an advance directive form, the hospital has forms available and will ask if you want
to sign one.
Filling out an advance directive is your choice (including whether you want to sign one if you’re in the
hospital). According to law, no one can deny you care or discriminate against you based on whether or not
you signed an advance directive.
If your instructions aren’t followed?
If you sign an advance directive and you believe that a doctor or hospital did not follow the instructions in

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 141
Chapter 8. Your rights and responsibilities
it, you can file a complaint with the state agency that oversees advance directives. To find the appropriate
agency in your state, contact your SHIP. Contact information is in Appendix A at the back of this
document.
Section 1.6 You have the right to make complaints and ask us to reconsider decisions we
made
If you have any problems, concerns, or complaints and need to ask for coverage, or make an appeal,
Chapter 9 of this document tells what you can do. Whatever you do – ask for a coverage decision, make an
appeal, or make a complaint — we’re required to treat you fairly.
Section 1.7 If you believe you’re being treated unfairly or your rights aren’t being respected
If you believe you’ve been treated unfairly or your rights haven’t been respected due to your race,
disability, religion, sex, health, ethnicity, creed (beliefs), age, or national origin, call the Department of
Health and Human Services’ Office for Civil Rights at 1‑800‑368‑1019 (TTY users call 1‑800‑537‑7697)
or call your local Office for Civil Rights.
If you believe you’ve been treated unfairly or your rights haven’t been respected, and it’s not about
discrimination, you can get help dealing with the problem you’re having from these places:
• Call our plan’s Member Services at 1‑866‑409‑1221 (TTY users call 711)
• Call your local SHIP. Phone numbers are listed in Appendix A at the back of this document.
• Call Medicare at 1‑800‑MEDICARE (1‑800‑633‑4227), (TTY users call 1‑877‑486‑2048)
• You can call Medicaid. For details refer to Appendix A of this document for the name and contact
information for the Medicaid program in your state.
• You can call your Ombudsman. For details refer to Appendix A of this document for the name and
contact information for the Ombudsman programs in your state.
Section 1.8 How to get more information about your rights
Get more information about your rights from these places:
• Call Member Services at 1‑866‑409‑1221 (TTY users call 711)
• Call your local State Health Insurance Program (SHIP). Phone numbers are listed in Appendix A
at the back of this document.
• Contact Medicare.
Visit www.Medicare.gov to read the publication Medicare Rights & Protections. (available at:
○
www.medicare.gov/publications/11534-medicare-rights-and-protections.pdf.)
Call 1‑800‑MEDICARE (1‑800‑633‑4227) (TTY users call 1‑877‑486‑2048)
○
SECTION 2 Your responsibilities as a member of our plan
Things you need to do as a member of our plan are listed below. For questions, call Member Services at
1‑866‑409‑1221 (TTY users call 711).
• Get familiar with your covered services and the rules you must follow to get these covered
services. Use this Evidence of Coverage to learn what’s covered and the rules you need to follow to
get covered services.
Chapters 3 and 4 give details about medical services.
○
Chapters 5 and 6 give details about Part D drug coverage.
○
• If you have any other health coverage or drug coverage in addition to our plan, you’re required

142 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 8. Your rights and responsibilities
to tell us. Chapter 1 tells you about coordinating these benefits.
• Tell your doctor and other health care providers that you’re enrolled in our plan. Show our plan
membership card and your Medicaid card whenever you get medical care or Part D drugs.
• Help your doctors and other providers help you by giving them information, asking questions,
and following through on your care.
To help get the best care, tell your doctors and other health providers about your health
○
problems. Follow the treatment plans and instructions you and your doctors agree on.
Make sure your doctors know all the drugs you’re taking, including over‑the‑counter drugs,
○
vitamins, and supplements.
If you have questions, be sure to ask and get an answer you can understand.
○
• Be considerate. We expect our members to respect the rights of other patients. We also expect you
to act in a way that helps the smooth running of your doctor’s office, hospitals, and other offices.
• Pay what you owe. As a plan member, you’re responsible for these payments:
You must continue to pay your Medicare premiums to stay a member of our plan.
○
For most of your drugs covered by our plan, you must pay your share of the cost when you get
○
the drug.
• If you move within our service area, we need to know so we can keep your membership record up
to date and know how to contact you.
• If you move outside our plan service area, you can’t stay a member of our plan.
• If you move, tell Social Security (or the Railroad Retirement Board).

Chapter 9:
If you have a problem or complaint (coverage
decisions, appeals, complaints)
SECTION 1 What to do if you have a problem or concern
This chapter explains the processes for handling problems and concerns. The process you use to handle
your problem depends on 2 things:
1. Whether your problem is about benefits covered by Medicare or Medicaid. If you'd like help
deciding whether to use the Medicare process or the Medicaid process, or both, call Member
Services at 1‑866‑409‑1221 (TTY users call 711).
2. The type of problem you're having:
• For some types of problems, you need to use the process for coverage decisions and
appeals.
• For other types of problems, you need to use the process for making complaints; also called
grievances.
Both processes have been approved by Medicare. Each process has a set of rules, procedures, and
deadlines that must be followed by us and by you.
The information in this chapter will help you identify the right process to use and what to do.
Section 1.1 Legal terms
There are legal terms for some of the rules, procedures, and types of deadlines explained in this chapter.
Many of these terms are unfamiliar to most people. To make things easier, this chapter uses more familiar
words in place of some legal terms.
However, it’s sometimes important to know the correct legal terms. To help you know which terms to use
to get the right help or information, we include these legal terms when we give details for handling specific
situations.
SECTION 2 Where to get more information and personalized help
We’re always available to help you. Even if you have a complaint about our treatment of you, we’re
obligated to honor your right to complain. You should always call Member Services at 1‑866‑409‑1221
(TTY users call 711) for help. In some situations, you may also want help or guidance from someone who
isn’t connected with us. Two organizations that can help are:
State Health Insurance Assistance Program (SHIP)
Each state has a government program with trained counselors. The program isn't connected with us or
with any insurance company or health plan. The counselors at this program can help you understand
which process you should use to handle a problem you're having. They can also answer questions, give
you more information, and offer guidance on what to do.
The services of SHIP counselors are free. You will find phone numbers and website URLs in Appendix A at
the back of this document.
Medicare
You can also contact Medicare for help.

144 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 9. If you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
• Call 1‑800‑MEDICARE (1‑800‑633‑4227), 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. TTY users should call
1‑877‑486‑2048.
• Visit Medicare.gov
You can get help and information from Medicaid
Contact information for your state’s Medicaid agency can be found in Appendix A at the back of this
document.
SECTION 3 Which process to use for your problem
Because you have Medicare and get help from Medicaid, you have different processes you can use to
handle your problem or complaint. Which process you use depends on if the problem is about Medicare
benefits or Medicaid benefits. If your problem is about a benefit covered by Medicare, use the Medicare
process. If your problem is about a benefit covered by Medicaid, use the Medicaid process. If you’d like
help deciding whether to use the Medicare process or the Medicaid process, call Member Services at
1‑866‑409‑1221 (TTY users call 711).
The Medicare process and Medicaid process are described in different parts of this chapter. To find out
which part you should read, use the chart below.
Is your problem about Medicare benefits or Medicaid benefits?
My problem is about Medicare benefits.
Go to Section 4, Handling problems about your Medicare benefits.
My problem is about Medicaid coverage.
Go to Section 12, Handling problems about your Medicaid benefits.
SECTION 4 Handling problems about your Medicare benefits
Is your problem or concern about your benefits or coverage?
This includes problems about whether medical care (medical items, services, and/or Part B drugs)
are covered or not, the way they're covered, and problems related to payment for medical care.
Yes.
Go to Section 5, A guide to coverage decisions and appeals.
No.
Go to Section 11, How to make a complaint about quality of care, waiting times, customer
service, or other concerns.
SECTION 5 A guide to coverage decisions and appeals
Coverage decisions and appeals deal with problems related to your benefits and coverage for your
medical care (services, items, and Part B drugs, including payment). To keep things simple, we generally

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 145
Chapter 9. If you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
refer to medical items, services, and Medicare Part B drugs as medical care. You use the coverage
decision and appeals process for issues such as whether something is covered or not and the way in
which something is covered.
Asking for coverage decisions before you get services
If you want to know if we’ll cover medical care before you get it, you can ask us to make a coverage
decision for you. A coverage decision is a decision we make about your benefits and coverage or about
the amount we’ll pay for your medical care. For example, if our plan network doctor refers you to a
medical specialist not inside the network, this referral is considered a favorable coverage decision unless
either you or your network doctor can show that you got a standard denial notice for this medical
specialist, or the Evidence of Coverage makes it clear that the referred service is never covered under any
condition. You or your doctor can also contact us and ask for a coverage decision if your doctor is unsure
whether we'll cover a particular medical service or refuses to provide medical care you think you need.
In limited circumstances a request for a coverage decision will be dismissed, which means we won’t
review the request. Examples of when a request will be dismissed include if the request is incomplete, if
someone makes the request on your behalf but isn’t legally authorized to do so or if you ask for your
request to be withdrawn. If we dismiss a request for a coverage decision, we’ll send a notice explaining
why the request was dismissed and how to ask for a review of the dismissal.
We make a coverage decision whenever we decide what’s covered for you and how much we pay. In
some cases, we might decide medical care isn’t covered or is no longer covered for you. If you disagree
with this coverage decision, you can make an appeal.
Making an appeal
If we make a coverage decision, whether before or after a benefit, and you aren’t satisfied, you can appeal
the decision. An appeal is a formal way of asking us to review and change a coverage decision we made.
Under certain circumstances, you can ask for an expedited or fast appeal of a coverage decision. Your
appeal is handled by different reviewers than those who made the original decision.
When you appeal a decision for the first time, this is called a Level 1 appeal. In this appeal, we review the
coverage decision we made to check to see if we properly followed the rules. When we complete the
review, we give you our decision.
In limited circumstances, a request for a Level 1 appeal will be dismissed, which means we won’t review
the request. Examples of when a request will be dismissed include if the request is incomplete, if someone
makes the request on your behalf but isn’t legally authorized to do so, or if you ask for your request to be
withdrawn. If we dismiss a request for a Level 1 appeal, we'll send a notice explaining why the request was
dismissed and how to ask for a review of the dismissal.
If we say no to all or part of your Level 1 appeal for medical care, your appeal will automatically go on to a
Level 2 appeal conducted by an independent review organization not connected to us.
• You don't need to do anything to start a Level 2 appeal. Medicare rules require we automatically
send your appeal for medical care to Level 2 if we don't fully agree with your Level 1 appeal.
• Go to Section 6.4 for more information about Level 2 appeals for medical care.
• Part D appeals are discussed in Section 7.
If you aren't satisfied with the decision at the Level 2 appeal, you may be able to continue through
additional levels of appeal (this chapter explains the Level 3, 4, and 5 appeals processes).
Section 5.1 Get help asking for a coverage decision or making an appeal
Here are resources if you decide to ask for any kind of coverage decision or appeal a decision:

146 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 9. If you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
• Call us at Member Services at 1‑866‑409‑1221 (TTY users call 711).
• Get free help from your State Health Insurance Assistance Program.
• Your doctor can make a request for you. If your doctor helps with an appeal past Level 2, they
need to be appointed as your representative. Call Member Services at 1‑866‑409‑1221 (TTY users
call 711) and ask for the Appointment of Representative form. The form is also available at
www.CMS.gov/Medicare/CMS-Forms/CMS-Forms/downloads/cms1696.pdf.
For medical care, your doctor can ask for a coverage decision or a Level 1 appeal on your
○
behalf. If your appeal is denied at Level 1, it will be automatically forwarded to Level 2.
For Part D drugs, your doctor or other prescriber can ask for a coverage decision or a Level 1
○
appeal on your behalf. If your Level 1 appeal is denied, your doctor or prescriber can ask for a
Level 2 appeal.
• You can ask someone to act on your behalf. You can name another person to act for you as your
representative to ask for a coverage decision or make an appeal.
If you want a friend, relative, or other person to be your representative, call Member Services
○
at 1‑866‑409‑1221 (TTY users call 711) and ask for the Appointment of Representative form.
(The form is also available on Medicare’s website at www.CMS.gov/Medicare/CMS-
Forms/CMS-Forms/downloads/cms1696.pdf.) This form gives that person permission to act
on your behalf. It must be signed by you and by the person who you want to act on your behalf.
You must give us a copy of the signed form.
We can accept an appeal request from a representative without the form, but we can't begin
○
or complete our review until we receive it. If we do not receive the form before our deadline for
making a decision on your appeal, your appeal request will be dismissed. If this happens, we
will send you a written notice explaining your right to ask the independent review organization
to review our decision to dismiss your appeal.
• You also have the right to hire a lawyer. You can contact your own lawyer, or get the name of a
lawyer from your local bar association or other referral service. There are groups that will give you
free legal services if you qualify. However, you aren't required to hire a lawyer to ask for any kind of
coverage decision or appeal a decision.
Section 5.2 Rules and deadlines for different situations
There are 4 different situations that involve coverage decisions and appeals. Each situation has different
rules and deadlines. We give the details for each of these situations:
• Section 6: Medical care: How to ask for a coverage decision or make an appeal
• Section 7: Part D drugs: How to ask for a coverage decision or make an appeal
• Section 8: How to ask us to cover a longer inpatient hospital stay if you think you're being
discharged too soon
• Section 9: How to ask us to keep covering certain medical services if you think your coverage is
ending too soon (Applies only to these services: home health care, skilled nursing facility care, and
Comprehensive Outpatient Rehabilitation Facility (CORF) services)
If you’re not sure which information applies to you, call Member Services at 1‑866‑409‑1221 (TTY users
call 711). You can also get help or information from your SHIP.
SECTION 6 Medical care: How to ask for a coverage decision or make an appeal
Section 6.1 What to do if you have problems getting coverage for medical care or want us to
pay you back for your care
Your benefits for medical care are described in Chapter Chapter 4 in the Medical Benefits Chart. In some
cases, different rules apply to a request for a Part B drug. In those cases, we’ll explain how the rules for
Part B drugs are different from the rules for medical items and services.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 147
Chapter 9. If you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
This section tells what you can do if you're in any of the 5 following situations:
1. You aren't getting certain medical care you want, and you believe our plans covers this care. Ask for
a coverage decision. Section 6.2.
2. Our plan won't approve the medical care your doctor or other medical provider wants to give you,
and you believe our plan covers this care. Ask for a coverage decision. Section 6.2.
3. You got medical care that you believe our plan should cover, but we said we won’t pay for this care.
Make an appeal. Make an appeal. Section 6.3.
4. You got and paid for medical care that you believe our plan should cover, and you want to ask our
plan to reimburse you for this care. Send us the bill. Send us the bill. Section 6.5.
5. You’re told that coverage for certain medical care you’ve been getting that we previously approved
will be reduced or stopped, and you believe that reducing or stopping this care could harm your
health. Make an appeal. Section 6.3.
Note: If the coverage that will be stopped is for hospital care, home health care, skilled nursing
facility care, or Comprehensive Outpatient Rehabilitation Facility (CORF) services, go to Sections 8
and 9. Special rules apply to these types of care.
Section 6.2 How to ask for a coverage decision
Legal Terms:
A coverage decision that involves your medical care is called an organization determination.
A fast coverage decision is called an expedited determination.
Step 1: Decide if you need a standard coverage decision or a fast coverage decision.
A standard coverage decision is usually made within 7 calendar days when the medical item or
service is subject to our prior authorization rules, 14 calendar days for all other items and services, or
72 hours for Part B drugs. A fast coverage decision is generally made within 72 hours, for medical
services, or 24 hours for Part B drugs. You can get a fast coverage decision only if using the standard
deadlines could cause serious harm to your health or hurt your ability to regain function.
If your doctor tells us that your health requires a fast coverage decision, we’ll automatically agree to
give you a fast coverage decision.
If you ask for a fast coverage decision on your own, without your doctor’s support, we’ll decide
whether your health requires that we give you a fast coverage decision. If we don’t approve a fast
coverage decision, we’ll send you a letter that:
• Explains that we'll use the standard deadlines.
• Explains if your doctor asks for the fast coverage decision, we'll automatically give you a fast
coverage decision.
• Explains that you can file a fast complaint about our decision to give you a standard coverage
decision instead of the fast coverage decision you asked for.
Step 2: Ask our plan to make a coverage decision or fast coverage decision.
• Start by calling, writing, or faxing our plan to make your request for us to authorize or provide
coverage for the medical care you want. You, your doctor, or your representative can do this.
Chapter 2 has contact information.
Step 3: We consider your request for medical care coverage and give you our answer.

148 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 9. If you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
For standard coverage decisions we use the standard deadlines.
This means we'll give you an answer within 7 calendar days after we get your request for a medical
item or service that is subject to our prior authorization rules. If your requested medical item or
service is not subject to our prior authorization rules, we’ll give you an answer within 14 calendar
days after we get your request. If your request is for a Part B drug, we will give you an answer within 72
hours after we get your request.
• However, if you ask for more time, or if we need more information that may benefit you, we can
take up to 14 more calendar days if your request is for a medical item or service. If we take extra
days, we'll tell you in writing. We can’t take extra time to make a decision if your request is for a Part
B drug.
• If you believe we shouldn't take extra days, you can file a fast complaint. We'll give you an answer to
your complaint as soon as we make the decision. (The process for making a complaint is different
from the process for coverage decisions and appeals. Go to Section 11 of this chapter for information
on complaints.)
For fast coverage decisions we use an expedited timeframe.
A fast coverage decision means we’ll answer within 72 hours if your request is for a medical item or
service. If your request is for a Part B drug, we’ll answer within 24 hours.
• However, if you ask for more time, or if we need more information that may benefit you, we can
take up to 14 more calendar days. If we take extra days, we'll tell you in writing. We can’t take extra
time to make a decision if your request is for a Part B drug.
• If you believe we shouldn't take extra days, you can file a fast complaint. (Go to Section 11 for
information on complaints.) We'll call you as soon as we make the decision.
• If our answer is no to part or all of what you asked for, we'll send you a written statement that
explains why we said no.
Step 4: If we say no to your request for coverage for medical care, you can appeal.
• If we say no, you have the right to ask us to reconsider this decision by making an appeal. This
means asking again to get the medical care coverage you want. If you make an appeal, it means
you're going on to Level 1 of the appeals process.
Section 6.3 How to make a Level 1 appeal
Legal Terms:
An appeal to our plan about a medical care coverage decision is called a plan reconsideration.
A fast appeal is also called an expedited reconsideration.
Step 1: Decide if you need a standard appeal or a fast appeal.
A standard appeal is usually made within 30 calendar days or 7 calendar days for Part B drugs. A fast
appeal is generally made within 72 hours.
• If you're appealing a decision we made about coverage for care, you and/or your doctor need to
decide if you need a fast appeal. If your doctor tells us that your health requires a fast appeal, we'll
give you a fast appeal.
• The requirements for getting a fast appeal are the same as those for getting a fast coverage decision

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 149
Chapter 9. If you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
in Section 6.2 of this chapter.
Step 2: Ask our plan for an appeal or a fast appeal
• If you're asking for a standard appeal, submit your standard appeal in writing. Chapter 2
has contact information.
• If you're asking for a fast appeal, make your appeal in writing or call us. Chapter 2 has
contact information.
• You must make your appeal request within 65 calendar days from the date on the written
notice we sent to tell you our answer on the coverage decision. If you miss this deadline and
have a good reason for missing it, explain the reason your appeal is late when you make your
appeal. We may give you more time to make your appeal. Examples of good cause may
include a serious illness that prevented you from contacting us or if we provided you with
incorrect or incomplete information about the deadline for asking for an appeal.
• You can ask for a copy of the information regarding your medical decision. You and your
doctor may add more information to support your appeal.
Step 3: We consider your appeal, and we give you our answer.
• When we are reviewing your appeal, we take a careful look at all the information. We check to see if
we were following all the rules when we said no to your request.
• We'll gather more information if needed, and may contact you or your doctor.
Deadlines for a fast appeal
• For fast appeals, we must give you our answer within 72 hours after we get your appeal.
We’ll give you our answer sooner if your health requires us to.
If you ask for more time, or if we need more information that may benefit you, we can
○
take up to 14 more calendar days if your request is for a medical item or service. If we
take extra days, we’ll tell you in writing. We can’t take extra time if your request is for a
Part B drug.
If we don’t give you an answer within 72 hours (or by the end of the extended time period
○
if we took extra days), we’re required to automatically send your request to Level 2 of the
appeals process, where it will be reviewed by an independent review organization.
Section 6.4 explains the Level 2 appeal process.
• If our answer is yes to part or all of what you asked for, we must authorize or provide the
coverage we agreed to within 72 hours after we get your appeal.
• If our answer is no to part or all of what you asked for, we'll send you our decision in writing
and automatically forward your appeal to the independent review organization for a Level 2
appeal. The independent review organization will notify you in writing when it gets your
appeal.
Deadlines for a standard appeal
• For standard appeals, we must give you our answer within 30 calendar days after we get your
appeal. If your request is for a Part B drug you didn't get yet, we'll give you our answer within 7
calendar days after we get your appeal. We'll give you our decision sooner if your health
condition requires us to.
However, if you ask for more time, or if we need more information that may benefit you,
○
we can take up to 14 more calendar days if your request is for a medical item or
service. If we take extra days, we'll tell you in writing. We can’t take extra time to make a
decision if your request is for a Part B drug.
If you believe we shouldn't take extra days, you can file a fast complaint. When you file a
○

150 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 9. If you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
fast complaint, we'll give you an answer to your complaint within 24 hours. (Go to
Section 11 for information on complaints.)
If we don’t give you an answer by the deadline (or by the end of the extended time
○
period), we'll send your request to a Level 2 appeal where an independent review
organization will review the appeal. Section 6.4 explains the Level 2 appeal process.
• If our answer is yes to part or all of what you asked for, we must authorize or provide the
coverage within 30 calendar days if your request is for a medical item or service, or within 7
calendar days if your request is for a Part B drug.
• If our plan says no to part or all of your appeal, we'll automatically send your appeal to the
independent review organization for a Level 2 appeal.
Section 6.4 The Level 2 appeal process
Legal Term:
The formal name for the independent review organization is the Independent Review Entity. It's
sometimes called the IRE.
The independent review organization is an independent organization hired by Medicare. It isn't
connected with us and isn't a government agency. This organization decides whether the decision we
made is correct or if it should be changed. Medicare oversees its work.
Step 1: The independent review organization reviews your appeal.
• We'll send the information about your appeal to this organization. This information is called your
case file. You have the right to ask us for a copy of your case file.
• You have a right to give the independent review organization additional information to support your
appeal.
• Reviewers at the independent review organization will take a careful look at all the information about
your appeal.
If you had a fast appeal at Level 1, you’ll also have a fast appeal at Level 2.
• For the fast appeal, the independent review organization must give you an answer to your
Level 2 appeal within 72 hours of when it gets your appeal.
• If your request is for a medical item or service and the independent review organization needs
to gather more information that may benefit you, it can take up to 14 more calendar days.
The independent review organization can’t take extra time to make a decision if your request is
for a Part B drug.
If you had a standard appeal at Level 1, you’ll also have a standard appeal at Level 2.
• For the standard appeal, if your request is for a medical item or service, the independent
review organization must give you an answer to your Level 2 appeal within 30 calendar days
of when it gets your appeal. If your request is for a Part B drug, the independent review
organization must give you an answer to your Level 2 appeal within 7 calendar days of when
it gets your appeal.
• If your request is for a medical item or service and the independent review organization needs
to gather more information that may benefit you, it can take up to 14 more calendar days.
The independent review organization can’t take extra time to make a decision if your request is
for a Part B drug.
Step 2: The independent review organization gives you its answer.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 151
Chapter 9. If you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
The independent review organization will tell you its decision in writing and explain the reasons for it.
• If the independent review organization says yes to part or all of a request for a medical item or
service, we must authorize the medical care coverage within 72 hours or provide the service within
14 calendar days after we get the decision from the independent review organization for standard
requests. For expedited requests, we have 72 hours from the date we get the decision from the
independent review organization.
• If the independent review organization says yes to part or all of a request for a Part B drug, we
must authorize or provide the Part B drug within 72 hours after we get the decision from the
independent review organization for standard requests. For expedited requests we have 24 hours
from the date we get the decision from the independent review organization.
• If the independent review organization says no to part or all of your appeal, it means they agree
with our plan that your request (or part of your request) for coverage for medical care shouldn’t be
approved. (This is called upholding the decision or turning down your appeal.) In this case, the
independent review organization will send you a letter that:
Explains the decision.
○
Lets you know about your right to a Level 3 appeal if the dollar value of the medical care
○
coverage you’re requesting meets a certain minimum. The written notice you get from the
independent review organization will tell you the dollar amount you must meet to continue the
appeals process.
Tells you how to file a Level 3 appeal.
○
Step 3: If your case meets the requirements, you choose whether you want to take your appeal
further.
• There are 3 additional levels in the appeals process after Level 2 (for a total of 5 levels of appeal). If
you want to go to a Level 3 appeal the details on how to do this are in the written notice you get after
your Level 2 appeal.
• The Level 3 appeal is handled by an Administrative Law Judge or attorney adjudicator. Section 10
explains the Level 3, 4, and 5 appeals processes.
Section 6.5 If you're asking us to pay you back for a bill you got for medical care
We can’t reimburse you directly for a Medicaid service or item. If you get a bill for Medicaid‑covered
services and items, send the bill to us. Don’t pay the bill yourself. We’ll contact the provider directly and
take care of the problem. If you do pay the bill, you can get a refund from that health care provider if you
followed the rules for getting the service or item.
Asking for reimbursement is asking for a coverage decision from us
If you send us the paperwork asking for reimbursement, you’re asking for a coverage decision. To make
this decision, we’ll check to see if the medical care you paid for is covered. We’ll also check to see if you
followed the rules for using your coverage for medical care.
• If we say yes to your request: If the medical care is covered and you followed the rules, we'll send
you the payment for the cost typically within 30 calendar days, but no later than 60 calendar days
after we get your request. If you haven’t paid for the medical care, we’ll send the payment directly to
the provider.
• If we say no to your request: If the medical care isn't covered, or you did not follow all the rules, we
won't send payment. Instead, we'll send you a letter that says we won't pay for the medical care and
the reasons why.
If you don't agree with our decision to turn you down, you can make an appeal. If you make an appeal, it
means you're asking us to change the coverage decision we made when we turned down your request for
payment.

152 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 9. If you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
To make this appeal, follow the process for appeals in Section 6.3. For appeals concerning
reimbursement, note:
• We must give you our answer within 60 calendar days after we get your appeal. If you’re asking us to
pay you back for medical care you already got and paid for, you aren’t allowed to ask for a fast
appeal.
• If the independent review organization decides we should pay, we must send you or the provider the
payment within 30 calendar days. If the answer to your appeal is yes at any stage of the appeals
process after Level 2, we must send the payment you asked for to you or the provider within 60
calendar days.
SECTION 7 Part D drugs: How to ask for a coverage decision or make an appeal
Section 7.1 This section tells you what to do if you have problems getting a Part D drug or
you want us to pay you back for a Part D drug
Your benefits include coverage for many prescription drugs. To be covered, the drug must be used for a
medically accepted indication. (Go to Chapter 5 for more information about a medically accepted
indication.) For details about Part D drugs, rules, restrictions, and costs go to Chapters 5 and 6. This
section is about your Part D drugs only. To keep things simple, we generally say drug in the rest of this
section, instead of repeating covered outpatient prescription drug or Part D drug every time. We also use
the term Drug List instead of List of Covered Drugs or formulary.
• If you don't know if a drug is covered or if you meet the rules, you can ask us. Some drugs require
you to get approval from us before we’ll cover it.
• If your pharmacy tells you that your prescription can't be filled as written, the pharmacy will give you
a written notice explaining how to contact us to ask for a coverage decision.
Part D coverage decisions and appeals
Legal Terms:
An initial coverage decision about your Part D drugs is called a coverage determination.
A coverage decision is a decision we make about your benefits and coverage or about the amount we'll
pay for your drugs. This section tells what you can do if you're in any of the following situations:
• Asking to cover a Part D drug that's not on our plan’s Drug List. Ask for an exception. Section 7.2
• Asking to waive a restriction on our plan’s coverage for a drug (such as limits on the amount of the
drug you can get) Ask for an exception. Section 7.2
• Asking to pay a lower cost‑sharing amount for a covered drug on a higher cost‑sharing tier. Ask for
an exception. Section 7.2
• Asking to get pre‑approval for a drug. Ask for a coverage decision. Section 7.4
• Pay for a prescription drug you already bought. Ask us to pay you back. Section 7.4
If you disagree with a coverage decision we made, you can appeal our decision.
This section tells you both how to ask for coverage decisions and how to request an appeal.
Section 7.2 Asking for an exception

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 153
Chapter 9. If you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
Legal Terms:
Asking for coverage of a drug that's not on the Drug List is a formulary exception.
Asking for removal of a restriction on coverage for a drug is a formulary exception.
Asking to pay a lower price for a covered non‑preferred drug is a tiering exception.
If a drug isn’t covered in the way you’d like it to be covered, you can ask us to make an exception. An
exception is a type of coverage decision.
For us to consider your exception request, your doctor or other prescriber will need to explain the medical
reasons why you need the exception approved. Here are 3 examples of exceptions that you or your doctor
or other prescriber can ask us to make:
1. Covering a Part D drug that's not on our Drug List. You cannot ask for an exception to the
cost‑sharing amount we require you to pay for the drug.
2. Removing a restriction on our coverage for a covered drug. Chapter 5 describes the extra rules or
restrictions that apply to certain drugs on our Drug List. If we agree to make an exception and waive
a restriction for you, you can ask for an exception to the copayment or coinsurance amount we
require you to pay for the drug.
3. Changing coverage of a drug to a lower cost‑sharing tier. Every drug on our “Drug List” is in one of
5 cost‑sharing tiers. In general, the lower the cost‑sharing tier number, the less you will pay as your
share of the cost of the drug.
• If our “Drug List” contains alternative drug(s) for treating your medical condition that are in a lower
cost‑sharing tier than your drug, you can ask us to cover your drug at the cost‑sharing amount that
applies to the alternative drug(s).
• If the drug you’re taking is a brand name drug you can ask us to cover your drug at the cost‑sharing
amount that applies to the lowest tier that contains brand name alternatives for treating your
condition.
• If the drug you’re taking is a generic drug you can ask us to cover your drug at the cost‑sharing
amount that applies to the lowest tier that contains either brand or generic alternatives for treating
your condition.
• You can't ask us to change the cost‑sharing tier for any drug in Tier 5 Specialty.
• If we approve your request for a tiering exception and there's more than one lower cost‑sharing tier
with alternative drugs you can’t take, you usually pay the lowest amount.
Section 7.3 Important things to know about asking for exceptions
Your doctor must tell us the medical reasons
Your doctor or other prescriber must give us a statement that explains the medical reasons you're asking
for an exception. For a faster decision, include this medical information from your doctor or other
prescriber when you ask for the exception.
Our Drug List typically includes more than one drug for treating a particular condition. These different
possibilities are called alternative drugs. If an alternative drug would be just as effective as the drug
you’re requesting and wouldn’t cause more side effects or other health problems, we generally won’t
approve your request for and exception. If you ask us for a tiering exception, we generally won’t approve
your request for an exception unless all the alternative drugs in the lower cost‑sharing tier(s) won’t work as
well for you or are likely to cause an adverse reaction or other harm.

154 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 9. If you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
We can say yes or no to your request
• If we approve your request for an exception, our approval usually is valid until the end of our plan
year. This is true as long as your doctor continues to prescribe the drug for you and that drug
continues to be safe and effective for treating your condition.
• If we say no to your request, you can ask for a review by making an appeal.
Section 7.4 How to ask for a coverage decision, including an exception
Legal Terms:
A fast coverage decision is called an expedited coverage determination.
Step 1: Decide if you need a standard coverage decision or a fast coverage decision.
Standard coverage decisions are made within 72 hours after we get your doctor’s statement. Fast
coverage decisions are made within 24 hours after we get your doctor’s statement.
If your health requires it, ask us to give you a fast coverage decision. To get a fast coverage decision,
you must meet two requirements:
• You must be asking for a drug you didn't get yet. (You can't ask for fast coverage decision to be paid
back for a drug you have already bought.)
• Using the standard deadlines could cause serious harm to your health or hurt your ability to function.
• If your doctor or other prescriber tells us that your health requires a fast coverage decision,
we'll automatically give you a fast coverage decision.
• If you ask for a fast coverage decision on your own, without your doctor or prescriber’s support,
we'll decide whether your health requires that we give you a fast coverage decision. If we don't
approve a fast coverage decision, we'll send you a letter that:
Explains that we'll use the standard deadlines.
○
Explains if your doctor or other prescriber asks for the fast coverage decision, we'll
○
automatically give you a fast coverage decision.
Tells you how you can file a fast complaint about our decision to give you a standard coverage
○
decision instead of the fast coverage decision you asked for. We'll answer your complaint
within 24 hours of receipt.
Step 2: Ask for a standard coverage decision or a fast coverage decision.
Start by calling, writing, or faxing our plan to ask us to authorize or provide coverage for the medical care
you want. You can also access the coverage decision process through our website. We must accept any
written request, including a request submitted on the CMS Model Coverage Determination Request Form,
which is available on our website (https://www.aetna.com/medicare/contact-us/appeals-
grievances.html). Chapter 2 has contact information. To help us process your request, include your
name, contact information, and information that shows which denied claim is being appealed.
You, your doctor, (or other prescriber) or your representative can do this. You can also have a lawyer act
on your behalf. Section 4 of this chapter tells how you can give written permission to someone else to act
as your representative.
• If you're asking for an exception, provide the supporting statement, which is the medical reasons
for the exception. Your doctor or other prescriber can fax or mail the statement to us. Or your doctor
or other prescriber can tell us on the phone and follow up by faxing or mailing a written statement if
necessary.
Step 3: We consider your request and give you our answer.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 155
Chapter 9. If you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
Deadlines for a fast coverage decision
• We must generally give you our answer within 24 hours after we get your request.
For exceptions, we'll give you our answer within 24 hours after we get your doctor’s
○
supporting statement. We'll give you our answer sooner if your health requires us to.
If we don't meet this deadline, we're required to send your request on to Level 2 of the
○
appeals process, where it will be reviewed by an independent review organization.
• If our answer is yes to part or all of what you asked for, we must provide the coverage we
agreed to within 24 hours after we get your request or doctor’s statement supporting your
request.
• If our answer is no to part or all of what you asked for, we'll send you a written statement
that explains why we said no. We'll also tell you how you can appeal.
Deadlines for a standard coverage decision about a drug you didn't get yet
• We must generally give you our answer within 72 hours after we get your request.
For exceptions, we’ll give you our answer within 72 hours after we get your doctor’s
○
supporting statement. We’ll give you our answer sooner if your health requires us to.
If we don’t meet this deadline, we are required to send your request to Level 2 of the
○
appeals process, where it will be reviewed by an independent review organization.
• If our answer is yes to part or all of what you asked for, we must provide the coverage we
agreed to within 72 hours after we get your request or doctor’s statement supporting your
request.
• If our answer is no to part or all of what you asked for, we'll send you a written statement
that explains why we said no. We'll also tell you how you can appeal.
Deadlines for a standard coverage decision about payment for a drug you already bought
We must give you our answer within 14 calendar days after we get your request.
■
If we don't meet this deadline, we're required to send your request to Level 2 of the
○
appeals process, where it will be reviewed by an independent review organization.
If our answer is yes to part or all of what you asked for, we're also required to make
■
payment to you within 14 calendar days after we get your request.
If our answer is no to part or all of what you asked for, we'll send you a written statement
■
that explains why we said no. We'll also tell you how you can appeal.
Step 4: If we say no to your coverage request, you can make an appeal.
• If we say no, you have the right to ask us to reconsider this decision by making an appeal. This
means asking again to get the drug coverage you want. If you make an appeal, it means you're going
to Level 1 of the appeals process.
Section 7.5 How to make a Level 1 appeal
Legal Terms:
An appeal to the plan about a Part D drug coverage decision is called a plan redetermination.
A fast appeal is also called an expedited redetermination.
Step 1: Decide if you need a standard appeal or a fast appeal.
A standard appeal is usually made within 7 calendar days. A fast appeal is generally made within 72

156 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 9. If you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
hours. If your health requires it, ask for a fast appeal.
• If you're appealing a decision we made about a drug you didn't get yet, you and your doctor or other
prescriber will need to decide if you need a fast appeal.
• The requirements for getting a fast appeal are the same as those for getting a fast coverage decision
in Section 7.4.
Step 2: You, your representative, doctor or other prescriber must contact us and make your Level 1
appeal. If your health requires a quick response, you must ask for a fast appeal.
• For standard appeals, submit a written request. Chapter 2 has contact information.
• For fast appeals either submit your appeal in writing or call us at 1‑800‑282‑5366 (TTY: 711).
Chapter 2 has contact information.
• We must accept any written request, including a request submitted on the CMS Model
Redetermination Request Form, which is available on our website
(https://www.aetna.com/medicare/contact-us/appeals-grievances.html). Include your name,
contact information, and information about your claim to help us process your request.
• You must make your appeal request within 65 calendar days from the date on the written notice
we sent to tell you our answer on the coverage decision. If you miss this deadline and have a good
reason for missing it, explain the reason your appeal is late when you make your appeal. We may
give you more time to make your appeal. Examples of good cause may include a serious illness that
prevented you from contacting us or if we provided you with incorrect or incomplete information
about the deadline for asking for an appeal.
• You can ask for a copy of the information in your appeal and add more information. You and your
doctor may add additional information to support your appeal.
Step 3: We consider your appeal and give you our answer.
• When we review your appeal, we take another careful look at all the information about your
coverage request. We check to see if we were following all the rules when we said no to your
request. We may contact you or your doctor or other prescriber to get more information.
Deadlines for a fast appeal
• For fast appeals, we must give you our answer within 72 hours after we get your appeal.
We'll give you our answer sooner if your health requires us to.
If we don’t give you an answer within 72 hours, we’re required to send your request to
○
Level 2 of the appeals process, where it will be reviewed by an independent review
organization.
• If our answer is yes to part or all of what you asked for, we must provide the coverage we
have agreed to provide within 72 hours after we get your appeal.
• If our answer is no to part or all of what you asked for, we’ll send you a written statement
that explains why we said no and how you can appeal our decision.
Deadlines for a standard appeal for a drug you didn't get yet
• For standard appeals, we must give you our answer within 7 calendar days after we get your
appeal. We'll give you our decision sooner if you didn't get the drug yet and your health
condition requires us to do so.
If we don’t give you a decision within 7 calendar days, we’re required to send your
○
request to Level 2 of the appeals process, where it will be reviewed by an independent
review organization. Section 7.6 explains the Level 2 appeal process.
• If our answer is yes to part or all of what you asked for, we must provide the coverage as
quickly as your health requires, but no later than 7 calendar days after we get your appeal.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 157
Chapter 9. If you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
If our answer is no to part or all of what you asked for, we'll send you a written statement
that explains why we said no and how you can appeal our decision.
Deadlines for a standard appeal about payment for a drug you already bought
• We must give you our answer within 14 calendar days after we get your request.
If we don't meet this deadline, we are required to send your request to Level 2 of the
○
appeals process, where it will be reviewed by an independent review organization.
• If our answer is yes to part or all of what you asked for, we're also required to make
payment to you within 30 calendar days after we get your request.
• If our answer is no to part or all of what you asked for, we'll send you a written statement
that explains why we said no. We'll also tell you how you can appeal.
Step 4: If we say no to your appeal, you decide if you want to continue with the appeals process and
make another appeal.
• If you decide to make another appeal, it means your appeal is going on to Level 2 of the appeals
process.
Section 7.6 How to make a Level 2 appeal
Legal Term:
The formal name for the independent review organization is the Independent Review Entity. It is
sometimes called the IRE.
The independent review organization is an independent organization hired by Medicare. It isn't
connected with us and isn't a government agency. This organization decides whether the decision we
made is correct or if it should be changed. Medicare oversees its work.
Step 1: You (or your representative or your doctor or other prescriber) must contact the independent
review organization and ask for a review of your case.
• If we say no to your Level 1 appeal, the written notice we send you'll include instructions on how to
make a Level 2 appeal with the independent review organization. These instructions will tell who
can make this Level 2 appeal, what deadlines you must follow, and how to reach the independent
review organization.
• You must make your appeal request within 65 calendar days from the date on the written notice.
• If we did not complete our review within the applicable timeframe or make an unfavorable decision
regarding an at‑risk determination under our drug management program, we’ll automatically
forward your request to the independent review entity.
• We'll send the information about your appeal to the independent review organization. This
information is called your case file. You have the right to ask us for a copy of your case file.
• You have a right to give the independent review organization additional information to support your
appeal.
Step 2: The independent review organization reviews your appeal
Reviewers at the independent review organization will take a careful look at all the information about your
appeal.
Deadlines for fast appeal
• If your health requires it, ask the independent review organization for a fast appeal.

158 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 9. If you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
• If the independent review organization agrees to give you a fast appeal, the independent
review organization must give you an answer to your Level 2 appeal within 72 hours after it
gets your appeal request.
Deadlines for standard appeal
• For standard appeals, the independent review organization must give you an answer to your
Level 2 appeal within 7 calendar days after it gets your appeal if it is for a drug you didn’t get
yet. If you’re asking us to pay you back for a drug you already bought, the independent review
organization must give you an answer to your Level 2 appeal within 14 calendar days after it
gets your request.
Step 3: The independent review organization gives you its answer.
For fast appeals:
• If the independent review organization says yes to part or all of what you asked for, we must
provide the drug coverage that was approved by the independent review organization within 24
hours after we get the decision from the independent review organization.
For standard appeals:
• If the independent review organization says yes to part or all of your request for coverage, we
must provide the drug coverage that was approved by the independent review organization within
72 hours after we get the decision from the independent review organization.
• If the independent review organization says yes to part or all of your request to pay you back for
a drug you already bought, we're required to send payment to you within 30 calendar days after
we get the decision from the independent review organization.
What if the independent review organization says no to your appeal?
If the independent review organization says no to part or all of your appeal, it means they agree with
our decision not to approve your request (or part of your request). (This is called upholding the decision.
It’s also called turning down your appeal.). In this case, the independent review organization will send you
a letter that:
• Explains the decision.
• Lets you know about your right to a Level 3 appeal if the dollar value of the drug coverage you’re
asking for meets a certain minimum. If the dollar value of the drug coverage you’re asking for is too
low, you can’t make another appeal and the decision at Level 2 is final.
• Tells you the dollar value that must be in dispute to continue with the appeals process.
Step 4: If your case meets the requirements, you choose whether you want to take your appeal
further.
• There are 3 additional levels in the appeals process after Level 2 (for a total of 5 levels of appeal).
• If you want to go to a Level 3 appeal, the details on how to do this are in the written notice you get
after your Level 2 appeal decision.
• The Level 3 appeal is handled by an Administrative Law Judge or attorney adjudicator. Section 10
explains the Levels 3, 4, and 5 appeals process.
SECTION 8 How to ask us to cover a longer inpatient hospital stay if you think you're
being discharged too soon

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 159
Chapter 9. If you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
When you're admitted to a hospital, you have the right to get all covered hospital services necessary to
diagnose and treat your illness or injury.
During your covered hospital stay, your doctor and the hospital staff will work with you to prepare for the
day you leave the hospital. They'll help arrange for care you may need after you leave.
• The day you leave the hospital is called your discharge date.
• When your discharge date is decided, your doctor or the hospital staff will tell you.
• If you think you're being asked to leave the hospital too soon, you can ask for a longer hospital stay
and your request will be considered.
Section 8.1 During your inpatient hospital stay, you'll get a written notice from Medicare that
tells you about your rights
Within 2 calendar days of being admitted to the hospital, you’ll be given a written notice called An
Important Message from Medicare about Your Rights. Everyone with Medicare gets a copy of this notice. If
you don't get the notice from someone at the hospital (for example, a caseworker or nurse), ask any
hospital employee for it. If you need help, call Member Services at 1‑866‑409‑1221 (TTY users call 711) or
1‑800‑MEDICARE (1‑800‑633‑4227) (TTY users call 1‑877‑486‑2048).
1. Read this notice carefully and ask questions if you don’t understand it. It tells you:
• Your right to get Medicare‑covered services during and after your hospital stay, as ordered by
your doctor. This includes the right to know what these services are, who will pay for them, and
where you can get them.
• Your right to be involved in any decisions about your hospital stay.
• Where to report any concerns you have about the quality of your hospital care.
• Your right to ask for an immediate review of the decision to discharge you if you think you’re
being discharged from the hospital too soon. This is a formal, legal way to ask for a delay in your
discharge date so we’ll cover your hospital care for a longer time.
2. You'll be asked to sign the written notice to show that you got it and understand your rights.
• You or someone who is acting on your behalf will be asked to sign the notice.
• Signing the notice shows only that you got the information about your rights. The notice doesn't
give your discharge date. Signing the notice doesn't mean you are agreeing on a discharge date.
3. Keep your copy of the notice so you'll have the information about making an appeal (or reporting a
concern about quality of care) if you need it.
• If you sign the notice more than 2 calendar days before your discharge date, you'll get another
copy before you're scheduled to be discharged.
• To look at a copy of this notice in advance, call Member Services at 1‑866‑409‑1221 (TTY users
call 711). You can also get the notice online at www.CMS.gov/medicare/forms-
notices/beneficiary-notices-initiative/ffs-ma-im
Section 8.2 How to make a Level 1 appeal to change your hospital discharge date
To ask us to cover inpatient hospital services for a longer time, use the appeals process to make this
request. Before you start, understand what you need to do and what the deadlines are.
• Follow the process
• Meet the deadlines
• Ask for help if you need it. If you have questions or need help, call Member Services at
1‑866‑409‑1221 (TTY users call 711). Or call your State Health Insurance Assistance Program (SHIP)
for personalized help. Refer to Appendix A at the back of this document for the name and contact
information of the State Health Insurance Assistance Program in your state.

160 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 9. If you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
During a Level 1 appeal, the Quality Improvement Organization reviews your appeal. It checks to see if
your planned discharge date is medically appropriate for you.
The Quality Improvement Organization is a group of doctors and other health care professionals paid by
the federal government to check on and help improve the quality of care for people with Medicare. This
includes reviewing hospital discharge dates for people with Medicare. These experts aren't part of our
plan.
Step 1: Contact the Quality Improvement Organization for your state and ask for an immediate
review of your hospital discharge. You must act quickly.
How can you contact this organization?
• The written notice you got (An Important Message from Medicare About Your Rights) tells you how to
reach this organization. Or find the name, address, and phone number of the Quality Improvement
Organization for your state in Chapter 2.
Act quickly:
• To make your appeal, you must contact the Quality Improvement Organization before you leave the
hospital and no later than midnight the day of your discharge.
If you meet this deadline, you can stay in the hospital after your discharge date without
○
paying for it while you wait to get the decision from the Quality Improvement Organization.
If you don't meet this deadline, contact us. If you decide to stay in the hospital after your
○
planned discharge date, you may have to pay all the costs for hospital care you get after your
planned discharge date.
Once you ask for an immediate review of your hospital discharge the Quality Improvement
○
Organization will contact us. By noon of the day after we’re contacted, we’ll give you a
Detailed Notice of Discharge. This notice gives your planned discharge date and explains in
detail the reasons why your doctor, the hospital, and we think it is right (medically appropriate)
for you to be discharged on that date.
You can get a sample of the Detailed Notice of Discharge by calling Member Services at
○
1‑866‑409‑1221 (TTY users call 711) or 1‑800‑MEDICARE (1‑800‑633‑4227). (TTY users call
1‑877‑486‑2048.) Or you can get a sample notice online at www.CMS.gov/medicare/forms-
notices/beneficiary-notices-initiative/ffs-ma-im.
Step 2: The Quality Improvement Organization conducts an independent review of your case.
• Health professionals at the Quality Improvement Organization (the reviewers) will ask you (or your
representative) why you believe coverage for the services should continue. You don’t have to
prepare anything in writing, but you can if you want to.
• The reviewers will also look at your medical information, talk with your doctor, and review
information that we and the hospital gave them.
• By noon of the day after the reviewers told us of your appeal, you’ll get a written notice from us that
gives your planned discharge date. This notice also explains in detail the reasons why your doctor,
the hospital, and we think it is right (medically appropriate) for you to be discharged on that date.
Step 3: Within one full day after it has all the needed information, the Quality Improvement
Organization will give you its answer to your appeal.
What happens if the answer is yes?
• If the independent review organization says yes, we must keep providing your covered inpatient
hospital services for as long as these services are medically necessary.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 161
Chapter 9. If you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
• You'll have to keep paying your share of the costs (such as deductibles or copayments, if these
apply). In addition, there may be limitations on your covered hospital services.
What happens if the answer is no?
• If the independent review organization says no, they're saying that your planned discharge date is
medically appropriate. If this happens, our coverage for your inpatient hospital services will end
at noon on the day after the Quality Improvement Organization gives you its answer to your appeal.
• If the independent review organization says no to your appeal and you decide to stay in the
hospital, you may have to pay the full cost of hospital care you get after noon on the day after the
Quality Improvement Organization gives you its answer to your appeal.
Step 4: If the answer to your Level 1 appeal is no, you decide if you want to make another appeal.
• If the Quality Improvement Organization said no to your appeal, and you stay in the hospital after
your planned discharge date, you can make another appeal. Making another appeal means you’re
going to Level 2 of the appeals process.
Section 8.3 How to make a Level 2 appeal to change your hospital discharge date
During a Level 2 appeal, you ask the Quality Improvement Organization to take another look at its decision
on your first appeal. If the Quality Improvement Organization turns down your Level 2 appeal, you may
have to pay the full cost for your stay after your planned discharge date.
Step 1: Contact the Quality Improvement Organization again and ask for another review.
• You must ask for this review within 60 calendar days after the day the Quality Improvement
Organization said no to your Level 1 appeal. You can ask for this review only if you stay in the hospital
after the date your coverage for the care ended.
Step 2: The Quality Improvement Organization does a second review of your situation.
• Reviewers at the Quality Improvement Organization will take another careful look at all the
information related to your appeal.
Step 3: Within 14 calendar days of receipt of your request for a Level 2 appeal, the Quality
Improvement Organization reviewers will decide on your appeal and tell you its decision.
If the independent review organization says yes:
• We must reimburse you for our share of the costs of hospital care you got since noon on the day
after the date your first appeal was turned down by the Quality Improvement Organization. We must
continue providing coverage for your inpatient hospital care for as long as it is medically
necessary.
• You must continue to pay your share of the costs and coverage limitations may apply.
If the independent review organization says no:
• It means they agree with the decision they made on your Level 1 appeal.
• The notice you get will tell you in writing what you can do if you want to continue with the review
process.
Step 4: If the answer is no, you need to decide whether you want to take your appeal further by going
to Level 3.

162 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 9. If you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
• There are 3 additional levels in the appeals process after Level 2 (for a total of 5 levels of appeal). If
you want to go to a Level 3 appeal, the details on how to do this are in the written notice you get after
your Level 2 appeal decision.
• The Level 3 appeal is handled by an Administrative Law Judge or attorney adjudicator. Section 10
tells more about Levels 3, 4, and 5 of the appeals process.
SECTION 9 How to ask us to keep covering certain medical services if you think your
coverage is ending too soon
When you're getting covered home health services, skilled nursing care, or rehabilitation care
(Comprehensive Outpatient Rehabilitation Facility), you have the right to keep getting your services for
that type of care for as long as the care is needed to diagnose and treat your illness or injury.
When we decide it is time to stop covering any of the 3 types of care for you, we're required to tell you in
advance. When your coverage for that care ends, we'll stop paying for your care.
If you think we're ending the coverage of your care too soon, you can appeal our decision. This section
tells you how to ask for an appeal.
Section 9.1 We'll tell you in advance when your coverage will be ending
Legal Term
Notice of Medicare Non‑Coverage. It tells you how you can request a fast‑track appeal. Asking for
a fast‑track appeal is a formal, legal way to request a change to our coverage decision about when to
stop your care.
1. You get a notice in writing at least 2 calendar days before our plan is going to stop covering your care.
This notice tells you:
• The date when we'll stop covering the care for you.
• How to ask for a fast‑track appeal to ask us keep covering your care for a longer period of time.
2. You, or someone who is acting on your behalf, will be asked to sign the written notice to show that
you got it. Signing the notice shows only that you got the information about when your coverage will stop.
Signing it doesn't mean you agree with our plan’s decision to stop care.
Section 9.2 How to make a Level 1 appeal to have our plan cover your care for a longer time
If you want to ask us to cover your care for a longer period of time, you'll need to use the appeals process
to make this request. Before you start, understand what you need to do and what the deadlines are.
• Follow the process.
• Meet the deadlines.
• Ask for help if you need it. If you have questions or need help, call Member Services at
1‑866‑409‑1221 (TTY users call 711). Or call your State Health Insurance Assistance Program (SHIP)
for personalized help. Refer to Appendix A at the back of this document for the name and contact
information of the State Health Insurance Assistance Program in your state.
During a Level 1 appeal, the Quality Improvement Organization reviews your appeal. It decides if the
end date for your care is medically appropriate. The Quality Improvement Organization is a group of
doctors and other health care experts paid by the federal government to check on and help improve the

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 163
Chapter 9. If you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
quality of care for people with Medicare. This includes reviewing plan decisions about when it’s time to
stop covering certain kinds of medical care. These experts aren't part of our plan.
Step 1: Make your Level 1 appeal: contact the Quality Improvement Organization for your state and
ask for a fast–track appeal. You must act quickly.
How can you contact this organization?
• The written notice you got (Notice of Medicare Non‑Coverage) tells you how to reach this
organization. (Or find the name, address, and phone number of the Quality Improvement
Organization for your state in Appendix A at the back of this document.)
Act quickly:
• You must contact the Quality Improvement Organization to start your appeal by noon of the day
before the effective date on the Notice of Medicare Non‑Coverage.
• If you miss the deadline, and you want to file an appeal, you still have appeal rights. Contact the
Quality Improvement Organization using the contact information on the Notice of Medicare
Non‑coverage. The name, address, and phone number of the Quality Improvement Organization for
your state may also be found in Appendix A at the back of this document.
Step 2: The Quality Improvement Organization conducts an independent review of your case.
Legal Term
Detailed Explanation of Non‑Coverage. Notice that provides details on reasons for ending coverage.
What happens during this review?
• Health professionals at the Quality Improvement Organization (the reviewers) will ask you, or your
representative, why you believe coverage for the services should continue. You don’t have to
prepare anything in writing, but you can if you want to.
• The independent review organization will also look at your medical information, talk with your
doctor, and review information our plan gives them.
• By the end of the day the reviewers tell us of your appeal, you'll get the Detailed Explanation of
Non‑Coverage from us that explains in detail our reasons for ending our coverage for your services.
Step 3: Within one full day after they have all the information they need; the reviewers will tell you its
decision.
What happens if the reviewers say yes?
• If the reviewers say yes to your appeal, then we must keep providing your covered service for as
long as it's medically necessary.
• You'll have to keep paying your share of the costs (such as deductibles or copayments, if these
apply). There may be limitations on your covered services.
What happens if the reviewers say no?
• If the reviewers say no, then your coverage will end on the date we told you.
• If you decide to keep getting the home health care, or skilled nursing facility care, or Comprehensive
Outpatient Rehabilitation Facility (CORF) services after this date when your coverage ends, you'll
have to pay the full cost of this care yourself.

164 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 9. If you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
Step 4: If the answer to your Level 1 appeal is no, you decide if you want to make another appeal.
• If reviewers say no to your Level 1 appeal — and you choose to continue getting care after your
coverage for the care has ended — then you can make a Level 2 appeal.
Section 9.3 How to make a Level 2 appeal to have our plan cover your care for a longer time
During a Level 2 appeal, you ask the Quality Improvement Organization to take another look at the
decision on your first appeal. If the Quality Improvement Organization turns down your Level 2 appeal, you
may have to pay the full cost for your home health care, or skilled nursing facility care, or Comprehensive
Outpatient Rehabilitation Facility (CORF) services after the date when we said your coverage would end.
Step 1: Contact the Quality Improvement Organization again and ask for another review.
• You must ask for this review within 60 calendar days after the day when the Quality Improvement
Organization said no to your Level 1 appeal. You could ask for this review only if you continued
getting care after the date your coverage for the care ended.
Step 2: The Quality Improvement Organization does a second review of your situation.
• Reviewers at the Quality Improvement Organization will take another careful look at all the
information related to your appeal.
Step 3: Within 14 calendar days of receipt of your appeal request, reviewers will decide on your
appeal and tell you its decision.
What happens if the independent review organization says yes?
• We must reimburse you for our share of the costs of care you got since the date when we said your
coverage would end. We must continue providing coverage for the care for as long as it's
medically necessary.
• You must continue to pay your share of the costs and there may be coverage limitations that apply.
What happens if the independent review organization says no?
• It means they agree with the decision we made to your Level 1 appeal.
• The notice you get will tell you in writing what you can do if you want to continue with the review
process. It will give you details about how to go to the next level of appeal, which is handled by an
Administrative Law Judge or attorney adjudicator.
Step 4: If the answer is no, you'll need to decide whether you want to take your appeal further.
• There are 3 additional levels of appeal after Level 2, for a total of 5 levels of appeal. If you want to go
to a Level 3 appeal, the details on how to do this are in the written notice you get after your Level 2
appeal decision.
• The Level 3 appeal is handled by an Administrative Law Judge or attorney adjudicator. Section 10 of
this chapter talks more about Levels 3, 4, and 5 of the appeals process.
SECTION 10 Taking your appeal to Level 3, 4 and 5
Section 10.1 Appeal Levels 3, 4, and 5 for Medical Service Requests
This section may be right for you if you made a Level 1 appeal and a Level 2 appeal, and both of your
appeals were turned down.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 165
Chapter 9. If you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
If the dollar value of the item or medical service you appealed meets certain minimum levels, you may be
able to go on to additional levels of appeal. If the dollar value is less than the minimum level, you can’t
appeal any further. The written response you get to your Level 2 appeal will explain how to make a Level 3
appeal.
For most situations that involve appeals, the last 3 levels of appeal work in much the same way as the first
2 levels. Here’s who handles the review of your appeal at each of these levels.
Level 3 appeal
An Administrative Law Judge or an attorney adjudicator who works for the federal government will review
your appeal and give you an answer.
• If the Administrative Law Judge or attorney adjudicator says yes to your appeal, the appeals
process may or may not be over. Unlike a decision at Level 2 appeal, we have the right to appeal a
Level 3 decision that's favorable to you. If we decide to appeal it will go to a Level 4 appeal.
If we decide not to appeal, we must authorize or provide you with the medical care within 60
○
calendar days after we get the Administrative Law Judge’s or attorney adjudicator’s decision.
If we decide to appeal the decision, we'll send you a copy of the Level 4 appeal request with
○
any accompanying documents. We may wait for the Level 4 appeal decision before
authorizing or providing the medical care in dispute.
• If the Administrative Law Judge or attorney adjudicator says no to your appeal, the appeals
process may or may not be over.
If you decide to accept the decision that turns down your appeal, the appeals process is over.
○
If you don't want to accept the decision, you can continue to the next level of the review
○
process. The notice you get will tell you what to do for a Level 4 appeal.
Level 4 appeal
The Medicare Appeals Council (Council) will review your appeal and give you an answer. The Council is
part of the federal government.
• If the answer is yes, or if the Council denies our request to review a favorable Level 3 appeal
decision, the appeals process may or may not be over. Unlike a decision at Level 2, we have the
right to appeal a Level 4 decision that's favorable to you. We'll decide whether to appeal this decision
to Level 5.
If we decide not to appeal the decision, we must authorize or provide you with the medical
○
care within 60 calendar days after getting the Council’s decision.
If we decide to appeal the decision, we'll let you know in writing.
○
• If the answer is no or if the Council denies the review request, the appeals process may or may
not be over.
If you decide to accept this decision that turns down your appeal, the appeals process is over.
○
If you don't want to accept the decision, you may be able to continue to the next level of the
○
review process. If the Council says no to your appeal, the notice you get will tell you whether
the rules allow you to go to a Level 5 appeal and how to continue with a Level 5 appeal.
Level 5 appeal
A judge at the Federal District Court will review your appeal.
• A judge will review all the information and decide yes or no to your request. This is a final answer.
There are no more appeal levels after the Federal District Court.
Section 10.2 Appeal Levels 3, 4, and 5 for Part D Drug Requests
This section may be right for you if you made a Level 1 appeal and a Level 2 appeal, and both of your

166 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 9. If you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
appeals were turned down.
If the value of the drug you appealed meets a certain dollar amount, you may be able to go to additional
levels of appeal. If the dollar amount is less, you can’t appeal any further. The written response you get to
your Level 2 appeal will explain who to contact and what to do to ask for a Level 3 appeal.
For most situations that involve appeals, the last 3 levels of appeal work in much the same way as the first
2 levels. Here’s who handles the review of your appeal at each of these levels.
Level 3 appeal
An Administrative Law Judge or an attorney adjudicator who works for the federal government will
review your appeal and give you an answer.
• If the answer is yes, the appeals process is over. We must authorize or provide the drug
coverage that was approved by the Administrative Law Judge or attorney adjudicator within 72
hours (24 hours for expedited appeals) or make payment no later than 30 calendar days after
we get the decision.
• If the Administrative Law Judge or attorney adjudicator says no to your appeal, the appeals
process may or may not be over.
If you decide to accept this decision that turns down your appeal, the appeals process is over.
○
If you don't want to accept the decision, you can continue to the next level of the review
○
process. The notice you get will tell you what to do for a Level 4 appeal.
Level 4 appeal
The Medicare Appeals Council (Council) will review your appeal and give you an answer. The Council is
part of the federal government.
• If the answer is yes, the appeals process is over. We must authorize or provide the drug
coverage that was approved by the Council within 72 hours (24 hours for expedited appeals) or
make payment no later than 30 calendar days after we get the decision.
• If the answer is no or if the Council denies the review request, the appeals process may or may
not be over.
If you decide to accept the decision that turns down your appeal, the appeals process is over.
○
If you don’t want to accept the decision, you may be able to continue to the next level of the
○
review process. If the Council says no to your appeal, the notice you get will tell you whether
the rules allow you to go to a Level 5 appeal and how to continue with a Level 5 appeal.
Level 5 appeal
A judge at the Federal District Court will review your appeal.
• A judge will review all the information and decide yes or no to your request. This is a final answer.
There are no more appeal levels after the Federal District Court.
Making Complaints
SECTION 11 How to make a complaint about quality of care, waiting times, customer
service, or other concerns
Section 11.1 What kinds of problems are handled by the complaint process?
The complaint process is only used for certain types of problems. This includes problems related to quality
of care, waiting times, and the customer service. Here are examples of the kinds of problems handled by

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 167
Chapter 9. If you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
the complaint process.
Complaint Example
Quality of your medical care
• Are you unhappy with the quality of the care you got (including
care in the hospital)?
Respecting your privacy
• Did someone not respect your right to privacy or share
confidential information?
Disrespect, poor customer
service, or other negative • Has someone been rude or disrespectful to you?
behaviors • Are you unhappy with our Member Services?
• Do you feel you're being encouraged to leave our plan?
Waiting times
• Are you having trouble getting an appointment, or waiting too long
to get it?
• Have you been kept waiting too long by doctors, pharmacists, or
other health professionals? Or by our Member Services or other
staff at our plan?
Examples include waiting too long on the phone, in the
○
waiting or exam room, or getting a prescription.
Cleanliness
• Are you unhappy with the cleanliness or condition of a clinic,
hospital, or doctor’s office?
Information you get from us
• Did we fail to give you a required notice?
• Is our written information hard to understand?
Timeliness If you asked for a coverage decision or made an appeal, and you think
(These types of complaints we aren't responding quickly enough, you can make a complaint about
are all about the timeliness of our slowness. Here are examples:
our actions related to
coverage decisions and • You asked for a fast coverage decision or a fast appeal, and we
appeals) said no; you can make a complaint.
• You believe we aren't meeting the deadlines for coverage
decisions or appeals; you can make a complaint.
• You believe we aren't meeting deadlines for covering or
reimbursing you for certain medical items or services or drugs that
were approved; you can make a complaint.
• You believe we failed to meet required deadlines for forwarding
your case to the independent review organization; you can make a
complaint.

168 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 9. If you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
Section 11.2 How to make a complaint
Legal Terms:
A Complaint is also called a grievance.
Making a complaint is also called filing a grievance.
Using the process for complaints is also called using the process for filing a grievance.
A fast complaint is also called an expedited grievance.
Step 1: Contact us promptly — either by phone or in writing.
• Calling Member Services at 1‑866‑409‑1221 (TTY users call 711) is the first step. If there's
anything else you need to do, Member Services will let you know.
• If you don't want to call (or you called and weren't satisfied), you can put your complaint in
writing and send it to us. If you put your complaint in writing, we'll respond to your complaint in
writing.
• To use our grievance (complaint) process, you should call or send us your written complaint using
one of the contact methods listed in Chapter 2: Important Phone Numbers and Resources (How to
contact us when you are making a complaint about your Part D prescription drugs or medical care).
Please be sure you provide all pertinent information, including any supporting documents you
○
believe are appropriate. Your complaint must be received by us within 60 calendar days of the
event or incident that resulted in you filing your complaint.
Your issue will be investigated by a member of our complaint team. If you submit your
○
complaint verbally, we will inform you of the result of our review and our decision verbally or in
writing. If you submit a verbal complaint and request your response to be in writing, we will
respond in writing. If you send us a written complaint, we will send you a written response,
stating the result of our review. Our notice will include a description of our understanding of
your complaint and our decision in clear terms.
We must address your complaint as quickly as your case requires based on your health status,
○
but no later than 30 calendar days after receiving your complaint. We may extend the
timeframe by up to 14 calendar days if we justify a need for additional information and the
delay is in your best interest.
You also have the right to ask for a fast “expedited” grievance. A fast “expedited” grievance is
○
a type of complaint that must be resolved within 24 hours from the time you contact us. You
have the right to request a fast “expedited” grievance if you disagree with:
Our plan to take a 14‑calendar‑day extension on an organization/coverage
○
determination or reconsideration/redetermination (appeal); or
Our denial of your request to expedite an organization determination or reconsideration
○
(appeal) for health services; or
Our denial of your request to expedite a coverage determination or redetermination
○
(appeal) for a prescription drug.
• The fast “expedited” grievance process is as follows:
You or an authorized representative can call, fax, or mail your complaint and mention that you
○
want the fast complaint or expedited grievance process. Call the phone number, fax, or write
your complaint and send it to the address listed in Chapter 2: Important Phone Numbers and
Resources (How to contact us when you’re making a complaint about your Part D prescription
drugs) or (How to contact us when you are making a complaint about your medical care). The
fastest way to submit a fast complaint is to call or fax us. The fastest way to file a grievance is
to call us. When we receive your complaint, we will promptly investigate the issue you have
identified. If we agree with your complaint, we will cancel the 14‑calendar‑day extension, or

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 169
Chapter 9. If you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
expedite the determination or appeal as you originally requested. Regardless of whether we
agree or not, we will investigate your complaint and notify you of our decision within 24 hours.
• The deadline for making a complaint is 60 calendar days from the time had the problem you want to
complain about.
Step 2: We look into your complaint and give you our answer.
• If possible, we'll answer you right away. If you call us with a complaint, we may be able to give you
an answer on the same phone call.
• Most complaints are answered within 30 calendar days. If we need more information and the
delay is in your best interest or if you ask for more time, we can take up to 14 more calendar days (44
calendar days total) to answer your complaint. If we decide to take extra days, we’ll tell you in
writing.
• If you're making a complaint because we denied your request for a fast coverage decision or a
fast appeal, we'll automatically give you a fast complaint. If you have a fast complaint, it means
we'll give you an answer within 24 hours.
• If we don't agree with some or all of your complaint or don’t take responsibility for the problem
you’re complaining about, we’ll include our reasons in our response to you.
Section 11.3 You can also make complaints about quality of care to the Quality Improvement
Organization
When your complaint is about quality of care, you also have 2 extra options:
• You can make your complaint directly to the Quality Improvement Organization.
The Quality Improvement Organization is a group of practicing doctors and other health care
experts paid by the federal government to check and improve the care given to Medicare patients.
Chapter 2 has contact information.
Or
• You can make your complaint to both the Quality Improvement Organization and us at the same
time.
Section 11.4 You can also tell Medicare about your complaint
You can submit a complaint about Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D‑SNP) directly to Medicare. To submit a
complaint to Medicare, go to www.Medicare.gov/my/medicare-complaint You can also call
1‑800‑MEDICARE (1‑800‑633‑4227). TTY/TDD users call 1‑877‑486‑2048.
Problems about your Medicaid benefits
SECTION 12 Handling problems about your Medicaid benefits
Keep in mind that most of your benefits should be covered under your Medicare benefit plan. If there are
benefits that are not covered under your Medicare benefit plan, you may still have access to those
benefits through your Medicaid coverage with the State of MO.
If you have a problem or concern about your Medicaid benefits that are covered by MO HealthNet, you
can contact the Medicaid agency for review of your grievance (telephone numbers are in Appendix A at
the back of this document).

Chapter 10:
Ending membership in our plan
SECTION 1 Ending your membership in our plan
Ending your membership in Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D‑SNP) may be voluntary (your own choice) or
involuntary (not your own choice):
• You might leave our plan because you decide you want to leave. Sections 2 and 3 give information
on ending your membership voluntarily.
• There are also limited situations where we’re required to end your membership. Section 5 tells you
about situations when we must end your membership.
If you’re leaving our plan, our plan must continue to provide your medical care and prescription drugs and
you’ll continue to pay your cost share until your membership ends.
SECTION 2 When can you end your membership in our plan?
You may be able to end your membership because you have Medicare and
Section 2.1
Medicaid
• Most people with Medicare can end their membership only during certain times of the year. Because
you have Medicaid, you can end your membership in our plan by choosing one of the following
Medicare options in any month of the year.
Original Medicare with a separate Medicare prescription drug plan,
○
Original Medicare without a separate Medicare prescription drug plan (If you choose this
○
option and receive Extra Help, Medicare may enroll you in a drug plan, unless you have opted
out of automatic enrollment.), or
If eligible, an integrated D‑SNP that provides your Medicare and most or all of your Medicaid
○
benefits and services in one plan
Note: If you disenroll from Medicare drug coverage, no longer receive Extra Help, and go without
creditable drug coverage for a continuous period of 63 days or more, you may have to pay a Part D
late enrollment penalty if you join a Medicare drug plan later.
• Call your State Medicaid Office to learn about your Medicaid plan options (telephone numbers are
in Appendix A at the back of this document).
• Other Medicare health plan options are available during the Open Enrollment Period. Section 2.2
tells you more about the Open Enrollment Period.
• Your membership will usually end on the first day of the month after we get your request to
change your plans. Your enrollment in your new plan will also begin on this day.
Section 2.2 You can end your membership during the Open Enrollment Period
You can end your membership during the Open Enrollment Period each year. During this time, review
your health and drug coverage and decide about coverage for the upcoming year.
• The Open Enrollment Period is from October 15 to December 7.
• Choose to keep your current coverage or make changes to your coverage for the upcoming
year. If you decide to change to a new plan, you can choose any of the following types of plans:
Another Medicare health plan, with or without drug coverage.
○
Original Medicare with a separate Medicare drug plan.
○

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 171
Chapter 10. Ending membership in our plan
Original Medicare without a separate Medicare drug plan.
○
If eligible, an integrated D‑SNP that provides your Medicare and most or all of your Medicaid
○
benefits and services in one plan.
If you get Extra Help from Medicare to pay for your prescription drugs: If you switch to Original
Medicare and do not enroll in a separate Medicare prescription drug plan, Medicare may enroll you in a
drug plan, unless you’ve opted out of automatic enrollment.
Note: If you disenroll from Medicare drug coverage, no longer get Extra Help, and go without creditable
drug coverage for 63 days or more in a row, you may have to pay a Part D late enrollment penalty if you
join a Medicare drug plan later.
• Your membership will end in our plan when your new plan’s coverage begins on January 1.
You can end your membership during the Medicare Advantage Open Enrollment
Section 2.3
Period
You can make one change to your health coverage during the Medicare Advantage Open Enrollment
Period each year.
• The Medicare Advantage Open Enrollment Period is from January 1 to March 31 and also for new
Medicare beneficiaries who are enrolled in an MA plan, from the month of entitlement to Part A and
Part B until the last day of the 3rd month of entitlement.
• During the Medicare Advantage Open Enrollment Period you can:
Switch to another Medicare Advantage Plan with or without drug coverage.
○
Disenroll from our plan and get coverage through Original Medicare. If you switch to Original
○
Medicare during this period, you can also join a separate Medicare drug plan at the same time.
• Your membership will end on the first day of the month after you enroll in a different Medicare
Advantage plan or we get your request to switch to Original Medicare. If you also choose to enroll in
a Medicare drug plan, your membership in the drug plan will start the first day of the month after the
drug plan gets your enrollment request.
In certain situations, you can end your membership during a Special Enrollment
Section 2.4
Period
In certain situations, you may be eligible to end your membership at other times of the year. This is known
as a Special Enrollment Period.
You may be eligible to end your membership during a Special Enrollment Period if any of the following
situations apply to you. These are just examples. For the full list you can contact our plan, call Medicare, or
visit Medicare.gov:
Usually, when you move
○
If you have Medicaid
○
If you’re eligible for Extra Help paying for your Medicare drug coverage
○
If we violate our contract with you
○
If you’re getting care in an institution, such as a nursing home or long‑term care (LTC) hospital.
○
If you enroll in the Program of All‑inclusive Care for the Elderly (PACE)
○
Note: If you're in a drug management program, you may only be eligible for certain Special Enrollment
Periods. Chapter 5, Section 10 tells you more about drug management programs.

172 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 10. Ending membership in our plan
Note: Section 2.1 tells you more about the special enrollment period for people with Medicaid.
Enrollment time periods vary depending on your situation.
To find out if you’re eligible for a Special Enrollment Period, call Medicare at 1‑800‑MEDICARE
(1‑800‑633‑4227). TTY users call 1‑877‑486‑2048. If you’re eligible to end your membership because of a
special situation, you can choose to change both your Medicare health coverage and drug coverage. You
can choose:
Another Medicare health plan with or without drug coverage,
○
Original Medicare with a separate Medicare drug plan,
○
Original Medicare without a separate Medicare drug plan.
○
If eligible, an integrated D‑SNP that provides your Medicare and most or all of your Medicaid
○
benefits and services in one plan.
Note: If you disenroll from Medicare drug coverage, no longer receive Extra Help and go without
creditable drug coverage for 63 days or more in a row, you may have to pay a Part D late
enrollment penalty if you join a Medicare drug plan later.
If you get Extra Help from Medicare to pay for your drug coverage costs: If you switch to Original
Medicare and don’t enroll in a separate Medicare drug plan, Medicare may enroll you in a drug plan,
unless you opt out of automatic enrollment.
Your membership will usually end on the first day of the month after your request to change our
plan.
Note: Sections 2.1 and 2.2 tell you more about the special enrollment period for people with
Medicaid and Extra Help.
Section 2.5 Get more information about when you can end your membership
If you have questions about ending your membership you can:
• Call Member Services at 1‑866‑409‑1221 (TTY users call 711).
• Find the information in the Medicare & You 2026 handbook.
• Call Medicare at 1‑800‑MEDICARE (1‑800‑633‑4227). TTY users call 1‑877‑486‑2048.
SECTION 3 How to end your membership in our plan?
The table below explains how you can end your membership in our plan.
To switch from our plan to: Here’s what to do:
• Enroll in the new Medicare health plan.
• You’ll automatically be disenrolled from
Another Medicare health plan
Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D‑SNP) when
your new plan’s coverage starts.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 173
Chapter 10. Ending membership in our plan
To switch from our plan to: Here’s what to do:
• Enroll in the new Medicare drug plan.
Original Medicare with a separate Medicare drug • You’ll automatically be disenrolled from
plan Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D‑SNP) when
your new drug plan’s coverage starts.
• Send us a written request to disenroll. Call
Member Services at 1‑866‑409‑1221 (TTY
users call 711) if you need more information
on how to do this.
• You can also call Medicare at
Original Medicare without a separate Medicare
1‑800‑MEDICARE (1‑800‑633‑4227) and ask
drug plan
to be disenrolled. TTY users call
1‑877‑486‑2048.
• You’ll be disenrolled from Aetna Medicare
Dual (HMO D‑SNP)when your coverage in
Original Medicare starts.
Note: If you disenroll from Medicare drug coverage, no longer receive Extra Help, and go without
creditable drug coverage for 63 days or more in a row, you may have to pay a Part D late enrollment
penalty if you join a Medicare drug plan later.
For questions about your MO State Medicaid benefits, call the Medicaid office. See Appendix A at the
back of this document for the contact information. Ask how joining another plan or returning to Original
Medicare affects how you get your MO State Medicaid coverage.
SECTION 4 Until your membership ends, you must keep getting your medical items,
services and drugs through our plan
Until your membership ends, and your new Medicare coverage starts, you must continue to get your
medical items, services, and prescription drugs through our plan.
• Continue to use our network providers to get medical care.
• Continue to use our network pharmacies or mail order to get your prescriptions filled.
• If you’re hospitalized on the day your membership ends, your hospital stay will be covered by
our plan until you’re discharged (even if you're discharged after your new health coverage starts).
SECTION 5 Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D‑SNP) must end our plan membership in certain
situations
Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D‑SNP) must end your membership in our plan if any of the following
happen:
• If you no longer have Medicare Part A and Part B
• If you’re no longer eligible for Medicaid. As stated in Chapter 1, Section 2.1, our plan is for people who
are eligible for both Medicare and Medicaid. Our plan will continue to cover your Medicare benefits
for a grace period of up to six (6) months if you lose Medicaid eligibility. This grace period begins the

174 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 10. Ending membership in our plan
first day of the month after we learn of your loss of eligibility and communicate that to you. If at the
end of the six (6) month grace period you have not regained Medicaid and you have not enrolled in a
different plan, we will disenroll you from our plan and you will be enrolled back in Original Medicare.
For additional information on the deeming period, go to Chapter 4, Section 2 or call Member
Services at 1‑866‑409‑1221 (TTY users call 711).
• If you move out of our service area
• If you’re away from our service area for more than 6 months.
If you move or take a long trip, call Member Services at 1‑866‑409‑1221 (TTY users call 711) to
○
find out if the place you’re moving or traveling to is in our plan’s area.
• If you become incarcerated (go to prison)
• If you’re no longer a United States citizen or lawfully present in the United States
• If you lie or withhold information about other insurance you have that provides drug coverage
• If you intentionally give us incorrect information when you’re enrolling in our plan and that
information affects your eligibility for our plan. (We can’t make you leave our plan for this reason
unless we get permission from Medicare first.)
• If you continuously behave in a way that’s disruptive and makes it difficult for us to provide medical
care for you and other members of our plan. (We can’t make you leave our plan for this reason
unless we get permission from Medicare first.)
• If you let someone else use your membership card to get medical care. (We can’t make you leave
our plan for this reason unless we get permission from Medicare first.)
If we end your membership because of this reason, Medicare may have your case investigated
○
by the Inspector General.
If you have questions or want more information on when we can end your membership, call Member
Services at 1‑866‑409‑1221 (TTY users call 711).
Section 5.1 We can’t ask you to leave our plan for any health‑related reason
Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D‑SNP) isn’t allowed to ask you to leave our plan for any health‑related
reason.
What should you do if this happens?
If you feel you’re being asked to leave our plan because of a health‑related reason, call Medicare at
1‑800‑MEDICARE (1‑800‑633‑4227) TTY users call 1‑877‑486‑2048.
Section 5.2 You have the right to make a complaint if we end your membership in our plan
If we end your membership in our plan, we must tell you our reasons in writing for ending your
membership. We must also explain how you can file a grievance or make a complaint about our decision
to end your membership.

Chapter 11:
Legal notices
SECTION 1 Notice about governing law
The principal law that applies to this Evidence of Coverage document is Title XVIII of the Social Security
Act and the regulations created under the Social Security Act by the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid
Services (CMS). In addition, other federal laws may apply and, under certain circumstances, the laws of
the state you live in. This may affect your rights and responsibilities even if the laws aren't included or
explained in this document.
SECTION 2 Notice about nondiscrimination
We don’t discriminate based on race, ethnicity, national origin, color, religion, sex, age, mental or physical
disability, health status, claims experience, medical history, genetic information, evidence of insurability,
or geographic location within the service area. All organizations that provide Medicare Advantage plans,
like our plan, must obey federal laws against discrimination, including Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of
1964, the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Age Discrimination Act of 1975, the Americans with Disabilities
Act, Section 1557 of the Affordable Care Act, all other laws that apply to organizations that get federal
funding, and any other laws and rules that apply for any other reason.
If you want more information or have concerns about discrimination or unfair treatment, call the
Department of Health and Human Services’ Office for Civil Rights at 1‑800‑368‑1019 (TTY
1‑800‑537‑7697) or your local Office for Civil Rights. You can also review information from the
Department of Health and Human Services’ Office for Civil Rights at www.HHS.gov/ocr/index.html.
If you have a disability and need help with access to care, call Member Services at 1‑866‑409‑1221 (TTY
users call 711). If you have a complaint, such as a problem with wheelchair access, Member Services can
help.
SECTION 3 Notice about Medicare Secondary Payer subrogation rights
We have the right and responsibility to collect for covered Medicare services for which Medicare isn’t the
primary payer. According to CMS regulations at 42 CFR sections 422.108 and 423.462, Aetna Medicare
Dual (HMO D‑SNP), as a Medicare Advantage Organization, will exercise the same rights of recovery that
the Secretary exercises under CMS regulations in subparts B through D of part 411 of 42 CFR and the rules
established in this section supersede any state laws.
In some situations, other parties should pay for your medical care before your Medicare Advantage plan.
In those situations, your Medicare Advantage plan may pay, but have the right to get the payments back
from these other parties. Medicare Advantage plans may not be the primary payer for medical care you
receive. These situations include those in which the Federal Medicare Program is considered a secondary
payer under the Medicare Secondary Payer laws. For information on the Federal Medicare Secondary
Payer program, Medicare has written a booklet with general information about what happens when
people with Medicare have additional insurance. It’s called Medicare and Other Health Benefits: Your
Guide to Who Pays First (publication number 02179). You can get a copy by calling 1‑800‑MEDICARE
(1‑800‑633‑4227), 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, or by visiting the Medicare.gov website.
The plan’s rights to recover in these situations are based on the terms of this health plan contract, as well
as the provisions of the Federal statutes governing the Medicare Program. Your Medicare Advantage plan
coverage is always secondary to any payment made or reasonably expected to be made under:
• A workers’ compensation law or plan of the United States or a State,

176 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 11. Legal notices
• Any non‑fault based insurance, including automobile and non‑automobile no‑fault and medical
payments insurance,
• Any liability insurance policy or plan (including a self‑insured plan) issued under an automobile or
other type of policy or coverage, and
• Any automobile insurance policy or plan (including a self‑insured plan), including, but not limited to,
uninsured and underinsured motorist coverages.
Since your Medicare Advantage plan is always secondary to any automobile no‑fault (Personal Injury
Protection) or medical payments coverage, you should review your automobile insurance policies to
ensure that appropriate policy provisions have been selected to make your automobile coverage primary
for your medical treatment arising from an automobile accident.
As outlined herein, in these situations, your Medicare Advantage plan may make payments on your behalf
for this medical care, subject to the conditions set forth in this provision for the plan to recover these
payments from you or from other parties. Immediately upon making any conditional payment, your
Medicare Advantage plan shall be subrogated to stand in the place of all rights of recovery you have
against any person, entity or insurer responsible for causing your injury, illness or condition or against any
person, entity or insurer listed as a primary payer above.
In addition, if you receive payment from any person, entity or insurer responsible for causing your injury,
illness or condition or you receive payment from any person, entity or insurer listed as a primary payer
above, your Medicare Advantage plan has the right to recover from, and be reimbursed by you for all
conditional payments the plan has made or will make as a result of that injury, illness or condition.
Your Medicare Advantage plan will automatically have a lien, to the extent of benefits it paid for the
treatment of the injury, illness or condition, upon any recovery whether by settlement, judgment or
otherwise. The lien may be enforced against any party who possesses funds or proceeds representing the
amount of benefits paid by the Plan including, but not limited to, you, your representatives or agents, any
person, entity or insurer responsible for causing your injury, illness or condition or any person, entity or
insurer listed as a primary payer above.
By accepting benefits (whether the payment of such benefits is made to you or made on your behalf to
any health care provider) from your Medicare Advantage plan, you acknowledge that the plan’s recovery
rights are a first priority claim and are to be paid to the plan before any other claim for your damages. The
plan shall be entitled to full reimbursement on a first‑dollar basis from any payments, even if such
payment to the plan will result in a recovery to you which is insufficient to make you whole or to
compensate you in part or in whole for the damages you sustained. Your Medicare Advantage plan is not
required to participate in or pay court costs or attorney fees to any attorney hired by you to pursue your
damage claims.
Your Medicare Advantage plan is entitled to full recovery regardless of whether any liability for payment is
admitted by any person, entity or insurer responsible for causing your injury, illness or condition or by any
person, entity or insurer listed as a primary payer above. The plan is entitled to full recovery regardless of
whether the settlement or judgment received by you identifies the medical benefits the plan provided or
purports to allocate any portion of such settlement or judgment to payment of expenses other than
medical expenses. The Medicare Advantage plan is entitled to recover from any and all settlements or
judgments, even those designated as for pain and suffering, non‑economic damages and/or general
damages only.
You, and your legal representatives, shall fully cooperate with the plan’s efforts to recover its benefits paid.
It is your duty to notify the plan within 30 days of the date when notice is given to any party, including an
insurance company or attorney, of your intention to pursue or investigate a claim to recover damages or
obtain compensation due to your injury, illness or condition. You and your agents or representatives shall
provide all information requested by the plan or its representatives. You shall do nothing to prejudice your

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 177
Chapter 11. Legal notices
Medicare Advantage plan’s subrogation or recovery interest or to prejudice the plan’s ability to enforce the
terms of this provision. This includes, but is not limited to, refraining from making any settlement or
recovery that attempts to reduce or exclude the full cost of all benefits provided by the plan.
Failure to provide requested information or failure to assist your Medicare Advantage plan in pursuit of its
subrogation or recovery rights may result in you being personally responsible for reimbursing the plan for
benefits paid relating to the injury, illness or condition as well as for the plan’s reasonable attorney fees
and costs incurred in obtaining reimbursement from you. For more information, see 42 U.S.C. §
1395y(b)(2)(A)(ii) and the Medicare statutes.
SECTION 4 Notice about recovery of overpayments
If the benefits paid by this Evidence of Coverage, plus the benefits paid by other plans, exceeds the total
amount of expenses, Aetna has the right to recover the amount of that excess payment from among one
or more of the following: (1) any person to or for whom such payments were made; (2) other Plans; or (3)
any other entity to which such payments were made. This right of recovery will be exercised at Aetna’s
discretion. You shall execute any documents and cooperate with Aetna to secure its right to recover such
overpayments, upon request by Aetna.
SECTION 5 National Coverage Determinations
Sometimes, Medicare adds coverage under Original Medicare for new services during the year. If
Medicare adds coverage for any services during 2026, either Medicare or our plan will cover those
services. When we receive coverage updates from Medicare, called National Coverage Determinations,
we’ll post the coverage updates on our website at AetnaMedicare.com. You can also call Member
Services to obtain the coverage updates that have been posted for the benefit year.

Chapter 12:
Definitions
Ambulatory Surgical Center – An Ambulatory Surgical Center is an entity that operates exclusively for
the purpose of furnishing outpatient surgical services to patients not requiring hospitalization and whose
expected stay in the center doesn’t exceed 24 hours.
Appeal – An appeal is something you do if you disagree with our decision to deny a request for coverage
of health care services or prescription drugs or payment for services or drugs you already got. You may
also make an appeal if you disagree with our decision to stop services that you’re getting.
Benefit Period – The way that both our plan and Original Medicare measures your use of skilled nursing
facility (SNF) services. A benefit period begins the day you go into a skilled nursing facility. The benefit
period ends when you haven't gotten any skilled care in a SNF for 60 days in a row. If you go into a skilled
nursing facility after one benefit period has ended, a new benefit period begins. There is no limit to the
number of benefit periods.
Biological Product – A prescription drug that’s made from natural and living sources like animal cells,
plant cells, bacteria, or yeast. Biological products are more complex than other drugs and can't be
copied exactly, so alternative forms are called biosimilars. (Go to “Original Biological Product” and
“Biosimilar”)
Biosimilar –A biological product that’s very similar, but not identical, to the original biological product.
Biosimilars are as safe and effective as the original biological product. Some biosimilars may be
substituted for the original biological product at the pharmacy without needing a new prescription (Go to
“Interchangeable Biosimilar”).
Brand Name Drug – A prescription drug that’s manufactured and sold by the pharmaceutical company
that originally researched and developed the drug. Brand name drugs have the same active‑ingredient
formula as the generic version of the drug. However, generic drugs are manufactured and sold by other
drug manufacturers and are generally not available until after the patent on the brand name drug has
expired.
Calendar Year – A one year period between January 1 and December 31.
Catastrophic Coverage Stage – The stage in the Part D Drug Benefit that begins when you (or other
qualified parties on your behalf) have spent $2,100 for Part D covered drugs during the covered year.
During this payment stage, you pay nothing for your covered Part D drugs.
Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) – The federal agency that administers Medicare.
Chronic‑Care Special Needs Plan (C‑SNP) – C‑SNPs are SNPs that restrict enrollment to MA eligible
people who have specific severe and chronic diseases.
Coinsurance – An amount you may be required to pay, expressed as a percentage (for example, 20%)
as your cost for services or prescription drugs after you pay any deductibles.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 179
Chapter 12. Definitions
Complaint – The formal name for making a complaint is filing a grievance. The complaint process is
used only for certain types of problems. This includes problems about quality of care, waiting times, and
the customer service you get. It also includes complaints if our plan doesn’t follow the time periods in the
appeal process.
Comprehensive Outpatient Rehabilitation Facility (CORF) – A facility that mainly provides
rehabilitation services after an illness or injury, including physical therapy, social or psychological
services, respiratory therapy, occupational therapy and speech‑language pathology services, and home
environment evaluation services.
Copayment (or copay) – An amount you may be required to pay as your share of the cost for a medical
service or supply, like a doctor’s visit, hospital outpatient visit, or a prescription drug. A copayment is a
set amount (for example $10), rather than a percentage.
Cost Sharing – Cost sharing refers to amounts that a member has to pay when services or drugs are
received. Cost sharing includes any combination of the following 3 types of payments: (1) any deductible
amount a plan may impose before services or drugs are covered; (2) any fixed copayment amount that a
plan requires when a specific service or drug is received; or (3) any coinsurance amount, a percentage of
the total amount paid for a service or drug that a plan requires when a specific service or drug is gotten.
Cost‑Sharing Tier – Every drug on the list of covered drugs is in one of 5 cost‑sharing tiers. In general,
the higher the cost‑sharing tier, the higher your cost for the drug.
Coverage Determination – A decision about whether a drug prescribed for you is covered by our plan
and the amount, if any, you’re required to pay for the prescription. In general, if you bring your
prescription to a pharmacy and the pharmacy tells you the prescription isn’t covered under our plan, that
isn’t a coverage determination. You need to call or write to our plan to ask for a formal decision about the
coverage. Coverage determinations are called coverage decisions in this document.
Covered Drugs – The term we use to mean all the drugs covered by our plan.
Covered Services – The term we use to mean all the health care services and supplies that are covered
by our plan.
Creditable Prescription Drug Coverage – Prescription drug coverage (for example, from an employer
or union) that’s expected to pay, on average, at least as much as Medicare’s standard prescription drug
coverage. People who have this kind of coverage when they become eligible for Medicare can generally
keep that coverage without paying a penalty if they decide to enroll in Medicare prescription drug
coverage later.
Custodial Care – Custodial care is personal care provided in a nursing home, hospice, or other facility
setting when you don't need skilled medical care or skilled nursing care. Custodial care, provided by
people who don't have professional skills or training, includes help with activities of daily living like
bathing, dressing, eating, getting in or out of a bed or chair, moving around, and using the bathroom. It
may also include the kind of health‑related care that most people do themselves, like using eye drops.
Medicare doesn’t pay for custodial care.

180 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 12. Definitions
Daily cost‑sharing rate – A daily cost‑sharing rate may apply when your doctor prescribes less than a
full month’s supply of certain drugs for you and you’re required to pay a copayment. A daily cost‑sharing
rate is the copayment divided by the number of days in a month’s supply. Here is an example: If your
copayment for a one‑month supply of a drug is $30, and a one‑month’s supply in our plan is 30 days,
then your daily cost‑sharing rate is $1 per day.
Deductible – The amount you must pay for health care or prescriptions before our plan pays.
Disenroll or Disenrollment – The process of ending your membership in our plan.
Dispensing Fee – A fee charged each time a covered drug is dispensed to pay for the cost of filling a
prescription, such as the pharmacist’s time to prepare and package the prescription.
Dually Eligible Individual – A person who is eligible for Medicare and Medicaid coverage.
Dual Eligible Special Needs Plans (D‑SNP) – D‑SNPs enroll people who are entitled to both Medicare
(Title XVIII of the Social Security Act) and medical assistance from a state plan under Medicaid (Title XIX).
States cover some or all Medicare costs, depending on the state and the person’s eligibility.
Durable Medical Equipment (DME) – Certain medical equipment that’s ordered by your doctor for
medical reasons. Examples include walkers, wheelchairs, crutches, powered mattress systems, diabetic
supplies, IV infusion pumps, speech generating devices, oxygen equipment, nebulizers, or hospital beds
ordered by a provider for use in the home.
Emergency – A medical emergency is when you, or any other prudent layperson with an average
knowledge of health and medicine, believe that you have medical symptoms that require immediate
medical attention to prevent loss of life (and if you’re a pregnant woman, loss of an unborn child), loss of
a limb, or loss of function of a limb, or loss of or serious impairment to a bodily function. The medical
symptoms may be an illness, injury, severe pain, or a medical condition that’s quickly getting worse.
Emergency Care – Covered services that are: (1) provided by a provider qualified to furnish emergency
services; and (2) needed to treat, evaluate, or stabilize an emergency medical condition.
Evidence of Coverage (EOC) and Disclosure Information – This document, along with your enrollment
form and any other attachments, riders, or other optional coverage selected, which explains your
coverage, what we must do, your rights, and what you have to do as a member of our plan.
Exception – A type of coverage decision that, if approved, allows you to get a drug that isn’t on our
formulary (a formulary exception), or get a non‑preferred drug at a lower cost‑sharing level (a tiering
exception). You may also ask for an exception if our plan requires you to try another drug before getting
the drug you’re asking for, if our plan requires a prior authorization for a drug and you want us to waive
the criteria restriction, or if our plan limits the quantity or dosage of the drug you’re asking for (a
formulary exception).
Extra Help – A Medicare program to help people with limited income and resources pay Medicare
prescription drug program costs, such as premiums, deductibles, and coinsurance.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 181
Chapter 12. Definitions
Generic Drug – A prescription drug that’s approved by the FDA as having the same active ingredient(s)
as the brand name drug. Generally, a generic drug works the same as a brand name drug and usually
costs less.
Grievance – A type of complaint you make about our plan, providers, or pharmacies, including a
complaint concerning the quality of your care. This doesn’t involve coverage or payment disputes.
Health Maintenance Organizations (HMO) – A type of Medicare managed care plan where a group of
doctors, hospitals, and other health care providers agree to give health care to Medicare beneficiaries for
a set amount of money from Medicare every month. You usually must get your care from the providers in
the plan.
Home Health Aide – A person who provides services that don't need the skills of a licensed nurse or
therapist, such as help with personal care (e.g., bathing, using the toilet, dressing, or carrying out the
prescribed exercises).
Hospice – A benefit that provides special treatment for a member who has been medically certified as
terminally ill, meaning having a life expectancy of 6 months or less. Our plan must provide you with a list
of hospices in your geographic area. If you elect hospice and continue to pay premiums you’re still a
member of our plan. You can still get all medically necessary services as well as the supplemental
benefits we offer.
Hospital Inpatient Stay – A hospital stay when you have been formally admitted to the hospital for
skilled medical services. Even if you stay in the hospital overnight, you might still be considered an
outpatient.
Income Related Monthly Adjustment Amount (IRMAA) – If your modified adjusted gross income as
reported on your IRS tax return from 2 years ago is above a certain amount, you’ll pay the standard
premium amount and an Income Related Monthly Adjustment Amount, also known as IRMAA. IRMAA is
an extra charge added to your premium. Less than 5% of people with Medicare are affected, so most
people will not pay a higher premium.
Independent Practice Associations (IPA) – An IPA, or Independent Practice Association, is an
independent group of physicians and other health care providers under contract to provide services to
members of managed care organizations (see Chapter 1, Section 6).
Initial Coverage Stage – This is the stage before your out‑of‑pocket costs for the year have reached the
out‑of‑pocket threshold amount.
Initial Enrollment Period – When you’re first eligible for Medicare, the period of time when you can sign
up for Medicare Part A and Part B. If you’re eligible for Medicare when you turn 65, your Initial Enrollment
Period is the 7‑month period that begins 3 months before the month you turn 65, includes the month you
turn 65, and ends 3 months after the month you turn 65.

182 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 12. Definitions
Institutional Special Needs Plan (I‑SNP) – I‑SNPs restrict enrollment to MA eligible people who live in
the community but need the level of care a facility offers, or who live (or are expected to live) for at least
90 days straight in certain long‑term facilities. I‑SNPs include the following types of plans:
Institutional‑equivalent SNPs (IE‑SNPs) Hybrid Institutional SNPs (HI‑SNPs), and Facility‑based
Institutional SNPs (FI‑SNPs).
Institutional‑Equivalent Special Needs Plan (IE‑SNP) – An IE‑SNP restricts enrollment to MA eligible
people who live in the community but need the level of care a facility offers.
Integrated D‑SNP – A D‑SNP that covers Medicare and most or all Medicaid services under a single
health plan for certain groups of people eligible for both Medicare and Medicaid. These individuals are
also known as full‑benefit dually eligible people.
Interchangeable Biosimilar – A biosimilar that may be used as a substitute for an original biosimilar
product at the pharmacy without needing a new prescription because it meets additional requirements
about the potential for automatic substitution. Automatic substitution at the pharmacy is subject to state
law.
List of Covered Drugs (formulary or Drug List) – A list of prescription drugs covered by our plan.
Low Income Subsidy (LIS) – Go to Extra Help.
Manufacturer Discount Program – A program under which drug manufacturers pay a portion of our
plan’s full cost for covered Part D brand name drugs and biologics. Discounts are based on agreements
between the federal government and drug manufacturers.
Maximum Fair Price – The price Medicare negotiated for a selected drug.
Maximum Out‑of‑Pocket Amount – The most that you pay out‑of‑pocket during the calendar year for
covered services. Medicare Part A and Part B premiums, and prescription drugs do not count toward the
maximum out‑of‑pocket amount. (Note: Because our members also get help from Medicaid, very few
members ever reach this out‑of‑pocket maximum.)
Medicaid (or Medical Assistance) – A joint federal and state program that helps with medical costs for
some people with low incomes and limited resources. State Medicaid programs vary, but most health
care costs are covered if you qualify for both Medicare and Medicaid.
Medical Group – A Medical Group is a group of physicians and other health care providers under
contract to provide services to members of our plan.
Medically Accepted Indication – A use of a drug that’s either approved by the FDA or supported by
certain references, such as the American Hospital Formulary Service Drug Information and the
Micromedex DRUGDEX Information system.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 183
Chapter 12. Definitions
Medically Necessary – Services, supplies, or drugs that are needed for the prevention, diagnosis, or
treatment of your medical condition and meet accepted standards of medical practice.
Medicare – The federal health insurance program for people 65 years of age or older, some people
under age 65 with certain disabilities, and people with End‑Stage Renal Disease (generally those with
permanent kidney failure who need dialysis or a kidney transplant).
Medicare Advantage Open Enrollment Period – The time period from January 1 to March 31 when
members in a Medicare Advantage plan can cancel their plan enrollment and switch to another
Medicare Advantage plan or get coverage through Original Medicare. If you choose to switch to Original
Medicare during this period, you can also join a separate Medicare prescription drug plan at that time.
The Medicare Advantage Open Enrollment Period is also available for a 3‑month period after a person is
first eligible for Medicare.
Medicare Advantage (MA) Plan – Sometimes called Medicare Part C. A plan offered by a private
company that contracts with Medicare to provide you with all your Medicare Part A and Part B benefits.
A Medicare Advantage Plan can be i. an HMO, ii. a PPO, iii. a Private Fee‑for‑Service (PFFS) plan, or iv. a
Medicare Medical Savings Account (MSA) plan. Besides choosing from these types of plans, a Medicare
Advantage HMO or PPO plan can also be a Special Needs Plan (SNP). In most cases, Medicare
Advantage Plans also offer Medicare Part D (prescription drug coverage). These plans are called
Medicare Advantage Plans with Prescription Drug coverage.
Medicare‑Covered Services – Services covered by Medicare Part A and Part B. All Medicare health
plans must cover all the services that are covered by Medicare Part A and B. The term
Medicare‑Covered Services doesn’t include the extra benefits, such as vision, dental, or hearing, that a
Medicare Advantage plan may offer.
Medicare Health Plan – A Medicare health plan is offered by a private company that contracts with
Medicare to provide Part A and Part B benefits to people with Medicare who enroll in our plan. This term
includes all Medicare Advantage Plans, Medicare Cost Plans, Special Needs Plans, Demonstration/Pilot
Programs, and Programs of All‑inclusive Care for the Elderly (PACE).
Medicare Drug coverage (Medicare Part D) – Insurance to help pay for outpatient prescription drugs,
vaccines, biologicals, and some supplies not covered by Medicare Part A or Part B.
Medication Therapy Management (MTM) program – A Medicare Part D program for complex health
needs provided to people who meet certain requirements or are in a Drug Management Program. MTM
services usually include a discussion with a pharmacist or health care provider to review medications.
Medigap (Medicare Supplement Insurance) Policy – Medicare supplement insurance sold by private
insurance companies to fill “gaps” in Original Medicare. Medigap policies only work with Original
Medicare. (A Medicare Advantage Plan isn’t a Medigap policy.)
Member (member of our plan, or plan member) – A person with Medicare who is eligible to get covered
services, who has enrolled in our plan and whose enrollment has been confirmed by the Centers for
Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS).

184 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 12. Definitions
Member Services – A department within our plan responsible for answering your questions about your
membership, benefits, grievances, and appeals.
Network – A group of doctors, hospitals, pharmacies, and other health care experts contracted by our
plan to provide covered services to its members (see Chapter 1, Section 3.2). Network providers are
independent contractors and not agents of our plan.
Network Pharmacy – A pharmacy that contracts with our plan where members of our plan can get their
prescription drug benefits. In most cases, your prescriptions are covered only if they’re filled at one of
our network pharmacies.
Network Provider – Provider is the general term for doctors, other health care professionals, hospitals,
and other health care facilities that are licensed or certified by Medicare and by the state to provide
health care services. Network providers have an agreement with our plan to accept our payment as
payment in full, and in some cases to coordinate as well as provide covered services to members of our
plan. Network providers are also called plan providers.
Non‑Medicare Covered Services – Services that are not normally covered when you have Original
Medicare. These are usually extra benefits you may receive as a member of a Medicare Advantage plan.
Open Enrollment Period – The time period of October 15 until December 7 of each year when members
can change their health or drug plans or switch to Original Medicare.
Organization Determination – A decision our plan makes about whether items or services are covered
or how much you have to pay for covered items or services. Organization determinations are called
coverage decisions in this document.
Original Biological Product – A biological product that has been approved by the FDA and serves as the
comparison for manufacturers making a biosimilar version. It is also called a reference product.
Original Medicare (Traditional Medicare or Fee‑for‑Service Medicare) – Original Medicare is offered
by the government, and not a private health plan such as Medicare Advantage plans and prescription
drug plans. Under Original Medicare, Medicare services are covered by paying doctors, hospitals, and
other health care providers payment amounts established by Congress. You can see any doctor,
hospital, or other health care provider that accepts Medicare. You must pay the deductible. Medicare
pays its share of the Medicare‑approved amount, and you pay your share. Original Medicare has 2 parts:
Part A (Hospital Insurance) and Part B (Medical Insurance) and is available everywhere in the United
States.
Out‑of‑Network Pharmacy – A pharmacy that doesn’t have a contract with our plan to coordinate or
provide covered drugs to members of our plan. Most drugs you get from out‑of‑network pharmacies
aren’t covered by our plan unless certain conditions apply.
Out‑of‑Network Provider or Out‑of‑Network Facility – A provider or facility that doesn’t have a
contract with our plan to coordinate or provide covered services to members of our plan. Out‑of‑network
providers are providers that aren’t employed, owned, or operated by our plan.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP) 185
Chapter 12. Definitions
Out‑of‑Pocket Costs – Go to the definition for cost sharing above. A member’s cost‑sharing
requirement to pay for a portion of services or drugs received is also referred to as the member’s
out‑of‑pocket cost requirement.
Out‑of‑Pocket Threshold – The maximum amount you pay out‑of‑pocket for Part D Drugs.
PACE plan – A PACE (Program of All‑Inclusive Care for the Elderly) plan combines medical, social, and
long‑term services and supports (LTSS) for frail people to help people stay independent and living in
their community (instead of moving to a nursing home) as long as possible. People enrolled in PACE
plans get both their Medicare and Medicaid benefits through the plan.
Part C – Go to Medicare Advantage (MA) Plan.
Part D – The voluntary Medicare Prescription Drug Benefit Program.
Part D Drugs – Drugs that can be covered under Part D. We may or may not offer all Part D drugs.
Certain categories of drugs have been excluded from Part D coverage by Congress. Certain categories
of Part D drugs must be covered by every plan.
Part D Late Enrollment Penalty – An amount added to your monthly plan premium for Medicare drug
coverage if you go without creditable coverage (coverage that’s expected to pay, on average, at least as
much as standard Medicare drug coverage) for a continuous period of 63 days or more after you’re first
eligible to join a Part D plan. If you lose Extra Help, you may be subject to the late enrollment penalty if
you go 63 days or more in a row without Part D or other creditable drug coverage.
Premium – The periodic payment to Medicare, an insurance company, or a health care plan for health or
prescription drug coverage.
Preventive Services – Health care to prevent illness or detect illness at an early stage, when treatment is
likely to work best (for example, preventive services include Pap tests, flu shots, and screening
mammograms).
Primary Care Provider (PCP) – The doctor or other provider you see first for most health problems. In
many Medicare health plans, you must see your primary care provider before you see any other health
care provider.
Prior Authorization – Approval in advance to get services or certain drugs based on specific criteria.
Covered services that need prior authorization are marked in the Medical Benefits Chart in Chapter 4.
Covered drugs that need prior authorization are marked in the formulary and our criteria are posted on
our website.
Prosthetics and Orthotics – Medical devices including, but not limited to, arm, back and neck braces;
artificial limbs; artificial eyes; and devices needed to replace an internal body part or function, including
ostomy supplies and enteral and parenteral nutrition therapy.

186 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D-SNP)
Chapter 12. Definitions
Quality Improvement Organization (QIO) – A group of practicing doctors and other health care experts
paid by the federal government to check and improve the care given to Medicare patients.
Quantity Limits – A management tool that’s designed to limit the use of a drug for quality, safety, or
utilization reasons. Limits may be on the amount of the drug that we cover per prescription or for a
defined period of time.
“Real‑Time Benefit Tool” – A portal or computer application in which enrollees can look up complete,
accurate, timely, clinically appropriate, enrollee‑specific formulary and benefit information. This includes
cost sharing amounts, alternative formulary medications that may be used for the same health condition
as a given drug, and coverage restrictions (Prior Authorization, Step Therapy, Quantity Limits) that apply
to alternative medications.
Rehabilitation Services – These services include inpatient rehabilitation care, physical therapy
(outpatient), speech and language therapy, and occupational therapy.
Selected drug– A drug covered under Part D for which Medicare negotiated a Maximum Fair Price.
Service Area – A geographic area where you must live to join a particular health plan. For plans that limit
which doctors and hospitals you may use, it’s also generally the area where you can get routine
(non‑emergency) services. Our plan must disenroll you if you permanently move out of our plan’s service
area.
Skilled Nursing Facility (SNF) Care – Skilled nursing care and rehabilitation services provided on a
continuous, daily basis, in a skilled nursing facility. Examples of care include physical therapy or
intravenous injections that can only be given by a registered nurse or doctor.
Special Needs Plan – A special type of Medicare Advantage plan that provides more focused health
care for specific groups of people, such as those who have both Medicare and Medicaid, who live in a
nursing home, or who have certain chronic medical conditions.
Step Therapy – A utilization tool that requires you to first try another drug to treat your medical condition
before we'll cover the drug your physician may have initially prescribed.
Supplemental Security Income (SSI) – A monthly benefit paid by Social Security to people with limited
income and resources who are disabled, blind, or age 65 and older. SSI benefits aren’t the same as
Social Security benefits.
Urgently Needed Services – A plan‑covered service requiring immediate medical attention that’s not an
emergency is an urgently needed service if either you’re temporarily outside our plan’s service area, or
it’s unreasonable given your time, place, and circumstances to get this service from network providers.
Examples of urgently needed services are unforeseen medical illnesses and injuries, or unexpected
flare‑ups of existing conditions. Medically necessary routine provider visits (like annual checkups) aren’t
considered urgently needed even if you’re outside our plan’s service area or our plan network is
temporarily unavailable.

APPENDIX A:
Important contact information
Quality Improvement Organizations (QIO)
Livanta, Address: BFCC‑QIO Program Livanta LLC PO Box 2687 Virginia
Region 7:
Beach, VA 23450, Phone: 1‑888‑755‑5580, TTY: 711, Hours: Monday–Friday
Iowa, Kansas, Missouri,
9:00 AM to 5:00 PM, Saturday–Sunday/Holidays 10:00 AM to 4:00 PM local
Nebraska
time, Website: livantaqio.cms.gov/en
State Medicaid Office
Missouri Medicaid (MO HealthNet), Address: Department of Social Services, 615
Howerton Court, PO Box 6500, Jefferson City, MO 65102‑6500, Phone:
Missouri
573‑751‑3425, TTY: 711, Hours: Monday–Friday 8:00 AM to 5:00 PM, Website:
mydss.mo.gov/mhd
State Health Insurance Assistance Program (SHIP)
Missouri SHIP, Address: Department of Commerce & Insurance, 601 W. Nifong
Blvd., Ste. A, Columbia, MO 65203‑6804, Phone: 1‑800‑390‑3330,
Missouri TTY: 1‑800‑735‑2966 This number requires special telephone equipment and is
only for people who have difficulties with hearing or speaking, Hours:
Monday–Friday 9:00 AM to 4:00 PM, Website: missouriship.org
State Pharmaceutical Assistance Program (SPAP)
Missouri Rx Plan (MORx), Address: PO Box 2700, Jefferson City, MO 65102,
Phone: 1‑800‑375‑1406, 573‑751‑6963, TTY: 1‑800‑735‑2966 This number
Missouri requires special telephone equipment and is only for people who have difficulties
with hearing or speaking, Hours: Monday–Friday 6:00 AM to 6:00 PM, Website:
mydss.mo.gov/mhd/morx-general-faqs#:
State AIDS Drug Assistance Programs (ADAP)
Missouri AIDS Drug Assistance Program, Address: Department of Health and
Senior Services, PO Box 570, Jefferson City, MO 65102, Phone: 573‑751‑6439,
Missouri 1‑888‑252‑8045, TTY: 711, Hours: Monday–Friday 8:00 AM to 5:00 PM, Website:
health.mo.gov/living/healthcondiseases/communicable/hivaids/casemgmt.p
hp

Ombudsman
The Long Term Care Ombudsman Program helps people get information about
nursing homes and resolve problems between nursing homes and residents or
their families.
Missouri
Missouri Long‑Term Care Ombudsman, Address: 912 Wildwood Dr., PO Box 570,
Jefferson City, MO 65102, Phone: 1‑800‑309‑3282, TTY: 711, Hours:
Monday–Friday 8:00 AM to 5:00 PM, Website:
health.mo.gov/seniors/ombudsman/

Notice of Availability (NOA)
TTY: 711
To access language services at no cost to you, call the number on your ID card. (English)
እርስዎ ወጪ ሳያወጡ የቋንቋ አገልግሎቶችን ለመድረስ በመታወቂያ ካርድዎ (ID) ላይ ወዳለው ቁጥር ይደውሉ።
(Amharic)
.ﻚﺑ ﺔﺻﺎﺨﻟا ﺔﯾﻮﻀﻌﻟا ﺔﻗﺎﻄﺑ ﻰﻠﻋ دﻮﺟﻮﻤﻟا ﻢﻗﺮﻟﺎﺑ ﻞﺼﺗا ،ﺎًﻧﺎﺠﻣ ﺔﻐﻠﻟا تﺎﻣﺪﺧ ﻰﻠﻋ لﻮﺼ (Arabic)
如欲使用免費語言服務，請致電您 ID 卡上的電話號碼。 (Chinese)
Tajaajila afaanii bilisaan argachuuf, lakkoofsa Waraqaa Eenyummeessaa (ID) keessan irra jiru
irratti bilbilaa. (Cushite)
Pour accéder gratuitement aux services linguistiques, appelez le numéro figurant sur votre carte
d’identité. (French)
Pou w jwenn aksè ak sèvis lang gratis pou ou, rele nimewo ki sou kat idantite w la. (French
Creole)
Um kostenlos auf Sprachdienste zuzugreifen, rufen Sie die Nummer auf Ihrem Ausweis an.
(German)
Inā ake ʻoe e ili mai no ke kōkua manuahi me ka unuhi, e kelepona ʻoe i ka helu ma kou kāleka ID.
(Hawaiian)
Kom tau txais cov kev pab cuam txhais lus yam tsis sau nqi ntawm koj, thov hu rau tus xov tooj
nyob ntawm koj daim npav ID. (Hmong)
Per accedere gratuitamente ai servizi linguistici, chiama il numero riportato sul tuo tesserino
identificativo. (Italian)
無料の言語サービスをご利用いただくには、ご自身のIDカードに記載されている番号 にお電話くだ
さい。 (Japanese)
လၢကမၤနၢ့ ်ကျ ာိ်တၢ မ် ၤစၢၤတၢ မ် ၤ လၢတလၣိ ်လၢာ်ဘၣူ ်လၢာ်စၤ့ လၢနဂီၢ အ် ဂီၢ,် ကးိ နၣီ ်ဂံၢ လၢအအၣိ ် ဖဲန ID အဖီခၣိ ်န ၣ့်
တကၢ့ .် (Karen)
무료로 언어 서비스를 이용하려면 ID 카드에 적힌 전화번호로 전화하세요. (Korean)
ເ ືພ່ ອເ ົ ້ຂາເ ິຖງການບໍ ິລການພາສາໂດຍບ ເສຍຄ່ າໃ ້ຊຈ່ າຍໃດໆແກ່ ທ ່ ານ, ໃຫ້ ໂທຫາເ ີບ ີທ ່ ູ ່ຢໃນ ັບດປະ ໍຈາ ົຕວຂອງທ.
(Laotian)
េេដើម ីទទួល េនស ែផ ក េ យមិនគិៃតថ ពីអ កសូមទូរសព េ េលែខដល េន េេលើ តស ល់ខ នរបស់អ ក។
(Mon‑Khmer, Cambodian)
سﺎﻣﺗ دوﺧ ﯽﯾﺎﺳﺎﻧﺷ ترﺎﮐ یور هدﺷ دﯾﻗ هرﺎﻣﺷ ﺎﺑ ،نﺎﮕﯾار روط ﮫﺑ نﺎﺑز تﺎﻣدﺧ ﮫﺑ ﯽﺳرﺗﺳد یارﺑ (Persian farsi)
دﯾرﯾﮕﺑ
Aby uzyskać bezpłatny dostęp do usług językowych, zadzwoń pod numer podany na karcie ID.
(Polish)
Ligue para o número que está no seu cartão de identificação para receber assistência linguística
gratuita. (Portuguese)

Чтобы получить бесплатные языковые услуги, позвоните по номеру телефона, указанному на
вашей идентификационной карте. (Russian)
Para acceder a servicios de idiomas sin costo alguno, llame al número que figura en su tarjeta
de identificación. (Spanish)
Upang ma‑access ang mga serbisyo sa wika nang wala kang babayaran, tawagan ang numero
sa iyong ID card. (Tagalog)
Để truy cập dịch vụ ngôn ngữ miễn phí, hãy gọi đến số điện thoại trên thẻ ID của quý vị.
(Vietnamese)
Y0001_Y0130_H6399_2025_V1

Aetna Medicare Dual (HMO D‑SNP) Member Services
Member Services – Contact Information
1‑866‑409‑1221 (TTY: 711)
Calls to this number are free.
Call Hours of operation are 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week.
Member Services at 1‑866‑409‑1221 (TTY users call 711) also has free language
interpreter services available for non‑English speakers.
711
TTY Calls to this number are free.
Hours of operation are 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week.
Fax 1‑866‑759‑4415
Aetna Medicare
Write PO Box 14088
Lexington, KY 40512
Go to AetnaMedicare.com or scan this code with your smartphone
Website
to visit our website.
State Health Insurance Assistance Program (SHIP)
SHIP is a state program that gets money from the federal government to give free local health insurance
counseling to people with Medicare. Contact information for your state’s SHIP is in Appendix A at the
back of this document.
PRA Disclosure Statement According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, no persons are required to
respond to a collection of information unless it displays a valid OMB control number. The valid OMB control
number for this information collection is 0938‑1051. If you have comments or suggestions for improving this
form, write to: CMS, 7500 Security Boulevard, Attn: PRA Reports Clearance Officer, Mail Stop C4‑26‑05,
Baltimore, Maryland 21244‑1850.
20250822