AetnaMedicare.com
Y0001_H5325_013_NU91_SB2026_M
2026-H5325.013.1
Aetna Medicare Full Dual (HMO D‑SNP)
H5325 ‑ 013
2026 Summary of Benefits
We’re here to help Keep in mind
You may have questions as you read through this This is a summary of the services
information. And that’s OK — we’re here to help. we cover from January 1, 2026
through December 31, 2026.
Not a member yet?
Call 1‑833‑859‑6031 (TTY: 711) Need a complete list of what we
October 1–March 31: 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week cover and any limitations? Just visit
April 1–September 30: 8 AM to 8 PM, Monday–Friday AetnaMedicare.com/H5325-013
where you’ll find the plan’s
Already a member? Evidence of Coverage (EOC). You
Call 1‑866‑409‑1221 (TTY: 711) may call us to request a copy.
8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week
An Aetna team member will answer your call.

2 2026 Summary of Benefits for H5325-013
Are you eligible to enroll?
To join Aetna Medicare Full Dual (HMO D‑SNP), Better health is a team effort
you must: With our Medicare Advantage Dual Eligible
Special Needs Plan, or D‑SNP, you’ll have a
• Be entitled to Medicare Part A care team in your corner, ready to help you
• Have Medicare Part B reach your best health and make life easier.
• Live in the plan’s service area, which includes
• Your nurse care manager is a single point of
the following counties:
contact to help coordinate your care.
Missouri: Barry, Barton, Cedar, Christian, Dade,
• Your social worker will link you to programs
Dallas, Douglas, Greene, Hickory, Jasper,
in your community and help with questions
Laclede, Lawrence, McDonald, Newton, Ozark,
you have about social services.
Polk, St. Clair, Stone, Taney, Webster, Wright
• Your care coordinator will help schedule
• Be in a “Medicare Savings Program” (MSP) or
provider appointments, arrange rides, and
qualify for State Medicaid benefits. See the
work with you to meet your personal needs.
table below for eligibility categories.
• We have teamed up with BeneLynk to assist
you with your state Medicaid benefits and
Extra Help for prescription drug assistance.
Eligibility category What it covers
Qualified Medicare Helps pay Medicare Part A and B premiums, and other cost sharing
Beneficiary Plus (QMB Plus) (like deductibles, coinsurance, and copayments). You are also eligible
for full Medicaid benefits from your state Medicaid program.
Specified Low‑Income Helps pay Medicare Part B premiums and possibly Part A. Medicaid
Medicare Beneficiary Plus may cover some of your Medicare cost sharing for medical services,
(SLMB Plus) depending on your state’s Medicaid program. You are eligible for full
Medicaid.
Full Benefit Dual Eligible Medicaid may cover some of your Medicare cost sharing for medical
(FBDE) services, depending on your state’s Medicaid program. You are
eligible for full Medicaid.
Aetna Medicare Full Dual (HMO D-SNP) | H5325-013

2026 Summary of Benefits for H5325-013 3
Be sure to show your Aetna® member ID card AND your state Medicaid ID card
when you visit the provider or pharmacy.
What you should know
• Plan type: Aetna Medicare Full Dual (HMO D‑SNP) is a D‑SNP plan. This is a Medicare Advantage
plan that covers prescription drugs.
• D‑SNP information: Our D‑SNP is for people on Medicare who are also eligible for some level of
Medicaid assistance. It replaces your Original Medicare coverage. You’ll still have Medicare, but
you’ll get it through us, instead of the federal government. We cover everything that Original
Medicare covers and we provide additional benefits and services too.
• Primary Care Provider (PCP): A PCP is important to help coordinate your care. We require you to
select a PCP. When you enroll, we’ll ask who your PCP is. If you don’t tell us, we’ll assign one to you.
You can change your PCP anytime by calling us or logging into your member portal.
• Referrals: Aetna Medicare Full Dual (HMO D‑SNP) doesn’t require a referral from a PCP to see a
specialist. Keep in mind, some providers may require a recommendation or treatment plan from
your provider in order to see you.
• Prior authorizations: Your provider will work with us to get approval before you receive certain
services or drugs.
• Helpful resources: To find provider directories, network pharmacies, and other plan information,
visit AetnaMedicare.com/H5325-013. For coverage and costs of Original Medicare, look in the
Medicare & You handbook. View it online at medicare.gov/medicare-and-you, or get a copy by
calling 1‑800‑MEDICARE (1‑800‑633‑4227) (TTY: 1‑877‑486‑2048), 24 hours a day, 7 days a
week.
Aetna Medicare Full Dual (HMO D-SNP) | H5325-013

4 2026 Summary of Benefits for H5325-013
Plan premium, deductible, and maximum
out‑of‑pocket (MOOP)
Out‑of‑pocket costs
Monthly plan premium $0
Plan deductible $0
MOOP $9,250
So long as Medicaid continues to pay your Medicare
deductible, coinsurance, and copayments, you will not
have a maximum out‑of‑pocket responsibility.
Medical and hospital benefits
If you are eligible for Medicare cost‑sharing assistance under Medicaid, you pay a $0 copayment
amount.
Hospital coverage
Your provider may need approval from us before we cover these services. This is
called prior authorization or precertification.
Benefit Your costs in our plan
Inpatient (unlimited number of days) $0 copay
Outpatient hospital observation services $0 copay
Outpatient hospital $0 copay
Ambulatory surgical center $0 copay
Primary Care Provider (PCP) and specialist visits
Benefit Your costs in our plan
PCP $0 copay
Specialist $0 copay
Aetna Medicare Full Dual (HMO D-SNP) | H5325-013

2026 Summary of Benefits for H5325-013 5
Preventive, emergency and urgent care
Benefit Your costs in our plan
Preventive care $0 copay
For a full list of preventive services available, see the
EOC.
Emergency and urgent care (inside the $0 copay for emergency care
U.S.) $0 copay for urgent care
Emergency and urgent care, including $0 copay for emergency care
emergency ambulance (outside the U.S.) $0 copay for urgent care
$0 copay for ambulance
Maximum coverage: $250,000 (the most we’ll pay for
your worldwide emergency and urgent care combined,
including emergency ambulance)
Diagnostic services, labs, imaging
Your provider may need approval from us before we cover these services. This is
called prior authorization or precertification.
Benefit Your costs in our plan
Diagnostic tests and procedures $0 copay
Lab services $0 copay
Diagnostic radiology services, such as $0 copay
CT/CAT scan and MRI
Outpatient x‑rays $0 copay
Hearing services
Benefit Your costs in our plan
Diagnostic hearing exam $0 copay
Routine hearing exam $0 copay
You get one routine hearing exam every year with a
provider in the NationsHearing® network.
Hearing aids You get an annual benefit amount (allowance) of
$1,500 per ear. If the cost is over the benefit amount,
you pay the difference. This benefit amount can only be
used to purchase hearing aids through a
NationsHearing network provider.
Aetna Medicare Full Dual (HMO D-SNP) | H5325-013

6 2026 Summary of Benefits for H5325-013
Dental services
Benefit Your costs in our plan
Dental services (non‑Medicare covered) $0 copay for covered services
You get an annual benefit amount (allowance) of
$2,000 for covered services. You are responsible for
any costs over this amount.
Covered services include oral exams, x‑rays, cleanings,
fillings, extractions, and more.
This benefit uses the Aetna Dental PPO Network, which
is different from your medical network, for covered
services. If you choose a provider outside of the Aetna
Dental PPO Network, services will not be covered. See
EOC for details on exclusions and limitations.
Vision services
Benefit Your costs in our plan
Diagnostic eye exam (includes diabetic $0 copay
eye exams)
Glaucoma screening $0 copay
Routine eye exam (one exam every year) $0 copay with an EyeMed provider
Contacts and eyeglasses You get an annual benefit amount (allowance) of $250
for covered prescription eyewear.
You can only use this benefit amount at an EyeMed
provider. Your benefit amount is applied at the time of
purchase. If your eyewear purchase is more than your
benefit amount, you’ll need to pay the difference.
Aetna Medicare Full Dual (HMO D-SNP) | H5325-013

2026 Summary of Benefits for H5325-013 7
Mental health services
Your provider may need approval from us before we cover these services. This is
called prior authorization or precertification.
Benefit Your costs in our plan
Inpatient psychiatric hospital stay $0 copay
Our plan covers up to 190 days per benefit period.
Outpatient mental health therapy $0 copay for individual sessions
$0 copay for group sessions
Outpatient psychiatric therapy $0 copay for individual sessions
$0 copay for group sessions
Skilled nursing facility (SNF) and therapy
Your provider may need approval from us before we cover these services. This is
called prior authorization or precertification. Note: Members must meet the Centers
for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) criteria for medically necessary skilled care
to be covered.
Benefit Your costs in our plan
SNF care $0 copay
Our plan covers up to 100 days per benefit period.
Physical and speech therapy $0 copay
Occupational therapy $0 copay
Ambulance and routine transportation
Your provider needs approval from us before we cover non‑emergency
transportation by fixed wing aircraft. This is called prior authorization or
precertification.
Benefit Your costs in our plan
Ambulance $0 copay
(ground or air, one‑way trip)
Routine, non‑emergency transportation Not Covered
Aetna Medicare Full Dual (HMO D-SNP) | H5325-013

8 2026 Summary of Benefits for H5325-013
Medicare Part B drugs
Medicare Part B only covers a limited number of medicines under certain conditions.
These medicines are often given to you in your provider’s office. They can include
things like vaccines, injections, and nebulizers, among others. They can also include
medicines you take at home using special medical equipment. Your provider may
need approval from us before we cover these services. This is called prior
authorization or precertification.
Benefit Your costs in our plan
Chemotherapy drugs $0 copay
Part B Insulin $0 copay
Other Part B drugs $0 copay
Aetna Medicare Full Dual (HMO D-SNP) | H5325-013

2026 Summary of Benefits for H5325-013 9
Medicare Part D drugs
Medicare Part D covers a wide range of prescription drugs. They can include
medicines you take every day for conditions like high blood pressure or diabetes.
Some drugs require prior authorization. This means you must get approval from us
first before we’ll cover them.
Prescription drug costs
Formulary Name
B2 (You can use this when referencing our list of covered drugs.)
If you qualify for “Extra Help” from Medicare to help pay for your prescription drugs, you pay:
Deductible
$0
Initial coverage phase
Low Income Subsidy (LIS) cost sharing during the Initial coverage phase (copayments or coinsurance
may vary depending on your level of “Extra Help”):
Covered generic drugs (including brand drugs treated as generic): $0, $1.60, or $5.10.
For all other covered drugs: $0, $4.90, or $12.65.
If you do not qualify for “Extra Help” from Medicare to help pay for your prescription drugs, you
pay:
Deductible phase
You’ll pay the plan’s negotiated drug cost up to the deductible limit of $615. The deductible applies to
drugs on Tiers 3, 4, and 5.
Initial coverage phase
The plan will pay its share of the cost and you’ll pay a copayment or coinsurance (your share of the
cost) for each prescription filled. You will pay the lesser of the listed copay/coinsurance below or the
negotiated cost of the drug. These cost shares may also apply to home infusion drugs when obtained
through your Part D benefit. Costs may differ based on pharmacy type or status.
One‑month Supply
Your share of the cost when you get a one‑month supply of a covered Part D prescription drug:
Standard Standard Long‑Term Care
Retail Mail (LTC)
30‑day 30‑day 31‑day
Tier 1: Preferred Generic $0 $0 $0
Tier 2: Generic $0 $0 $0
Tier 3: Preferred Brand 22% 22% 22%
Tier 4: Non‑Preferred Drug 25% 25% 25%
Tier 5: Specialty 25% 25% 25%
Long‑term Supply
Your share of the cost when you get a long‑term supply of a covered Part D prescription drug:
Aetna Medicare Full Dual (HMO D-SNP) | H5325-013

10 2026 Summary of Benefits for H5325-013
Standard Standard
Retail Mail
100‑day 100‑day
Tier 1: Preferred Generic $0 $0
Tier 2: Generic $0 $0
Tier 3: Preferred Brand 22% 22%
Tier 4: Non‑Preferred Drug 25% 25%
Tier 5: Specialty A long‑term supply is not available for drugs on Tier 5.
You can get a 30, 60, or 100‑day supply of most of your drugs through network retail and mail‑order
pharmacies. This includes home infusion drugs obtained through your Part D benefit. Note: Specialty
drugs have a 30‑day limit.
Out‑of‑pocket threshold
$2,100 is the maximum amount you will pay for your yearly Part D out‑of‑pocket costs.
Catastrophic coverage phase
In this phase, the plan pays the full cost for your covered Part D drugs.
You’ll pay $0 for generic and brand name drugs in this phase.
Insulins and vaccines
Important message about what you pay for Part D insulins: You won’t pay more than $35 for a
one‑month supply of each insulin product covered by our plan, no matter what cost‑sharing tier it’s on
or Part D phase you are in, even if you haven’t paid your deductible.
Important message about what you pay for Part D vaccines: Our plan covers many vaccines at no cost
to you, even if you haven’t paid your deductible.
Check your formulary guide for a list of covered insulins and vaccines.
Aetna Medicare Full Dual (HMO D-SNP) | H5325-013

2026 Summary of Benefits for H5325-013 11
Other covered benefits
Aetna Medicare Extra Benefits Card
You get an Aetna Medicare Extra Benefits Card to help pay for certain everyday
expenses.
Benefit
Over‑the‑Counter (OTC) Wallet You get a $275 monthly benefit amount (allowance) on
the Aetna Medicare Extra Benefits Card.
You can use your Over‑the‑Counter (OTC) Wallet to
help pay for certain OTC health and wellness products
including allergy medicine, pain relievers, first aid
supplies, and more. Approved products can be
purchased in‑store at participating locations including
CVS® retail locations (excluding locations inside other
stores), and online or by phone through CVS OTC Health
Solutions®.
Important:
• If you received an Extra Benefits Card in 2025 and
have not changed plans, keep your card. You will
not receive a new card in the mail for the 2026
plan year.
• If you are a new member or were not enrolled in a
plan with an Extra Benefits Card in 2025, you
should get a new card before your plan begins.
• If you changed plans, you may receive a new card.
Do not throw away your current card unless you
get a new card.
Aetna Medicare Full Dual (HMO D-SNP) | H5325-013

12 2026 Summary of Benefits for H5325-013
Alternative medicine
Benefit Your costs in our plan
Acupuncture $0 copay for Medicare‑covered acupuncture visits
$0 copay for non‑Medicare covered acupuncture visits
Medicare coverage is limited to services to treat
chronic low back pain. For non‑Medicare covered
services, we also cover up to twelve visits every year.
Your provider must determine medical necessity for
non‑Medicare covered services.
Chiropractic services $0 copay for Medicare‑covered chiropractic visits
Medicare coverage is limited to fixing a subluxation.
Non‑Medicare covered chiropractic services are not
covered.
Diabetic supplies
We exclusively cover Accu‑Chek/Roche and TRUE/Trividia blood glucose meters
and test strips as our preferred diabetic supplies.
Benefit Your costs in our plan
Diabetic supplies $0 copay
Fitness benefit
Benefit Your costs in our plan
Annual physical fitness membership $0 copay
You get a basic membership to any SilverSneakers®
participating fitness facility. If you prefer to exercise at
home, you may order one at‑home fitness kit per year
through SilverSneakers. If you do not reside near a
participating facility, online fitness classes are available
at no additional cost to you.
Aetna Medicare Full Dual (HMO D-SNP) | H5325-013

2026 Summary of Benefits for H5325-013 13
Foot care (podiatry services)
Benefit Your costs in our plan
Foot exams and treatment $0 copay for Medicare‑covered and non‑Medicare
covered podiatry visits
For non‑Medicare covered services, we cover up to
twelve visits every year.
Home care and support
Your provider may need approval from us before we cover these services. This is
called prior authorization or precertification.
Benefit Your costs in our plan
Home health care $0 copay
Meal benefit (post‑discharge) $0 copay for meals
After you are discharged from a qualifying Inpatient
Acute Hospital, Inpatient Psychiatric Hospital, or Skilled
Nursing Facility stay, you may be eligible to get up to 14
freshly prepared meals for a 7‑day period. These meals
are provided to help support your recovery or manage
your health conditions. We have teamed up with
NationsMarket™ to provide this benefit.
Personal emergency response system $0 copay
Our plan covers a medical alert response system from
LifeStation to provide you with 24/7 access to help in the
event of a fall or an emergency.
Medical equipment and supplies
Your provider may need approval from us before we cover these services. This is
called prior authorization or precertification.
Benefit Your costs in our plan
Durable medical equipment (DME), such $0 copay
as wheelchairs, crutches, oxygen
equipment, and continuous glucose
monitors (CGMs)
Prosthetics, such as braces and artificial $0 copay
limbs
Fall prevention You will receive a $150 annual benefit amount
(allowance) to purchase certain approved home and
bathroom safety products.
Aetna Medicare Full Dual (HMO D-SNP) | H5325-013

14 2026 Summary of Benefits for H5325-013
Resources For Living®
Benefit
Resources For Living Resources For Living helps connect you to resources in
your community such as senior housing, adult daycare,
meal subsidies, community activities, and more.
Substance use disorder services
Your provider may need approval from us before we cover these services. This is
called prior authorization or precertification.
Benefit Your costs in our plan
Outpatient substance use disorder $0 copay
services
24‑Hour Nurse Line
You can talk to a registered nurse anytime to discuss health‑related questions. While
only your doctor can diagnose, prescribe, or give medical advice, the 24‑Hour Nurse
Line can provide information on a variety of health topics.
Benefit Your costs in our plan
24‑Hour Nurse Line $0 copay
Aetna Medicare Full Dual (HMO D-SNP) | H5325-013

2026 Summary of Benefits for H5325-013 15
Special Supplemental Benefits
Our plan offers additional benefits to qualifying members. See the EOC for a full list of eligibility
criteria.
Extra Supports Wallet
Eligibility requirements:
If you are diagnosed with one or more of the chronic conditions listed in the EOC and meet the
eligibility criteria, you may be eligible for additional benefits under our plan to help manage your
overall health and wellness. Enrollment in the plan does not guarantee eligibility. You will receive
Special Supplemental Benefits after it is determined that you meet the eligibility requirements.
However, you will not receive benefits for any time period before your eligibility was determined.
Benefits:
After qualifying, the $275 monthly benefit amount in the Over‑the‑Counter (OTC) Wallet will change
to the Extra Supports Wallet with additional spending categories. Qualified members can use this
wallet to help pay for certain healthy foods, over‑the‑counter (OTC) health and wellness products,
transportation, utilities, and personal care products. This will replace your OTC Wallet. You will not
get any additional funds applied to your card. Approved products can be purchased in‑store at
participating locations including CVS® retail locations (excluding locations inside other stores), and
online or by phone through CVS OTC Health Solutions®.
Important: If you qualify, this wallet will be added to your current Extra Benefits Card.
The benefit(s) mentioned are part of special supplemental benefits for the chronically ill (SSBCI). SSBCI
conditions include but are not limited to: hypertension, hyperlipidemia, diabetes, cardiovascular
disorders, and chronic lung disorders. Eligibility is determined by whether you have a chronic condition
associated with the benefit(s). Standards and conditions vary for each benefit. Contact us to confirm
the specific SSBCI condition requirements for the benefit(s) for this plan and determine your eligibility.
Aetna Medicare Full Dual (HMO D-SNP) | H5325-013

16 2026 Summary of Benefits for H5325-013
Summary of Medicaid Benefits
Here’s a quick look at what’s covered by Aetna Medicare Full Dual (HMO D‑SNP) and your state
Medicaid program.
Below is a summary of your Medicaid and Aetna Medicare Full Dual (HMO D‑SNP) benefits. If you
qualify for Medicare and Medicaid (or “Medical Assistance”), you’re “dual eligible.” This means you’re
eligible for benefits under both the federal Medicare program and the Missouri Medicaid program.
What you pay for covered services may depend on your level of Medicaid eligibility. If you meet the
state’s requirements for full Medicaid coverage, you may also receive Medicaid services not covered
by Medicare. If you have questions about your Medicaid eligibility and what benefits you’re entitled to,
or for a full list of your covered Medicaid benefits, just call your Missouri Medicaid (MO HealthNet).
The table below gives you a summary of the benefits Medicaid covers. Aetna Medicare Full Dual (HMO
D‑SNP) covers the benefits we described earlier in the Medical and hospital benefits section. For each
benefit listed below, you can see what Medicaid covers and what our plan covers. Keep in mind:
Medicaid may cover additional benefits that are not listed below. There may be limits for some
services. If you need a service that is only covered by Medicaid, the provider you pick needs to be
enrolled with Medicaid.
Service State Medicaid Aetna Medicare Full Dual (HMO
D‑SNP)
Ambulance
Ambulatory surgical center (ASC)
services
Dental services
Diagnostic services/labs/imaging
(includes diagnostic tests and
procedures, labs, diagnostic radiology,
and x‑rays)
Doctor visits (primary care providers &
specialists)
Emergency care
Hearing services
Home health care
Hospice Limited (see EOC for coverage details)
Inpatient hospital services
Long‑term nursing home care (i.e., Not Covered
custodial nursing home care)
Mental health services
Aetna Medicare Full Dual (HMO D-SNP) | H5325-013

2026 Summary of Benefits for H5325-013 17
Service State Medicaid Aetna Medicare Full Dual (HMO
D‑SNP)
Occupational therapy
Outpatient hospital services
Physical and speech therapy
Prescription drugs
Preventive care
Skilled nursing facility (SNF)
Transportation Not Covered
Urgently needed services
Vision services
Aetna Medicare Full Dual (HMO D-SNP) | H5325-013

Aetna Medicare is a HMO, PPO plan with a Medicare contract. Our DSNPs also have contracts with
State Medicaid programs. Enrollment in our plans depends on contract renewal.
See Evidence of Coverage for a complete description of plan benefits, exclusions, limitations and
conditions of coverage. Plan features and availability may vary by service area.
Out‑of‑network/non‑contracted providers are under no obligation to treat plan members, except in
emergency situations. Please call our member services number or see your Evidence of Coverage for
more information, including the cost sharing that applies to out‑of‑network services.
Aetna is part of the CVS Health® family of companies.
The formulary and/or pharmacy network may change at any time. You will receive notice when
necessary.
For mail order, you can get prescription drugs shipped to your home through the network mail‑order
delivery program. Typically, mail‑order drugs arrive within 10 days. You can call 1‑866‑409‑1221
(TTY: 711) 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week if you do not receive your mail‑order drugs within this
timeframe. Members may have the option to sign up for automated mail‑order delivery.
Due to legislation in Arkansas, effective January 1, 2026, you may not be able to utilize the following
services within the state of Arkansas, unless a court takes action: CVS Retail, CVS Caremark Mail
Service, CVS Specialty, and OMNI Care long term pharmacies.
Participating health care providers are independent contractors and are neither agents nor
employees of Aetna. The availability of any particular provider cannot be guaranteed, and provider
network composition is subject to change.
© 2025 NationsBenefits, LLC. All rights reserved. Marks are the property of their respective owners.
© 2025 NationsBenefits, LLC. All rights reserved. NationsHearing is a registered trademark of
NationsBenefits, LLC. Other marks are the property of their respective owners.
SilverSneakers is a registered trademark of Tivity Health, Inc. © 2025 Tivity Health, Inc. All rights
reserved.
To send a complaint to Aetna, call the Plan or the number on your member ID card. To send a
complaint to Medicare, call 1‑800‑MEDICARE (1‑800‑633‑4227) (TTY users should call
1‑877‑486‑2048), 24 hours a day/7 days a week. If your complaint involves a broker or agent, be
sure to include the name of the person when filing your grievance.
© 2025 Aetna Inc.
Y0001_H5325_013_NU91_SB2026_M
20250819

Pre‑enrollment checklist
Before making an enrollment decision, it is important that you fully understand our benefits and rules.
If you have any questions, you can call and speak to a customer service representative at
1‑833‑859‑6031 (TTY: 711). From October 1 to March 31, you can call us 7 days a week from 8 AM to 8
PM local time. From April 1 to September 30, we’re here Monday through Friday from 8 AM to 8 PM
local time.
Understanding the benefits
£ The Evidence of Coverage (EOC) provides a complete list of all coverage and services. It is
important to review plan coverage, costs, and benefits before you enroll. Visit
AetnaMedicare.com or call 1‑833‑859‑6031 (TTY: 711) to view a copy of the EOC.
£ Review the provider directory (or ask your doctor) to make sure the doctors you see now are in
the network. If they are not listed, it means you will likely have to select a new doctor.
£ Review the pharmacy directory to make sure the pharmacy you use for any prescription
medicine is in the network. If the pharmacy is not listed, you will likely have to select a new
pharmacy for your prescriptions.
£ Review the formulary to make sure your drugs are covered.
Understanding important rules
£ Effect on Current Coverage. If you are currently enrolled in a Medicare Advantage plan, your
current Medicare Advantage healthcare coverage will end once your new Medicare Advantage
coverage starts. If you have Tricare, your coverage may be affected once your new Medicare
Advantage coverage starts. Please contact Tricare for more information. If you have a Medigap
plan, once your Medicare Advantage coverage starts, you may want to drop your Medigap
policy because you will be paying for coverage you cannot use.
£ You must continue to pay your Medicare Part B premium. This premium is normally taken out of
your Social Security check each month. The Part B premium is covered for full‑dual members.
£ Benefits, premiums and/or copayments/co‑insurance may change on January 1, 2027.
£ Except in emergency or urgent situations, we do not cover services by out‑of‑network providers
(doctors who are not listed in the provider directory).
£ This plan is a dual eligible special needs plan (D‑SNP). Your ability to enroll will be based on
verification that you are entitled to both Medicare and medical assistance from a state plan
under Medicaid.
©2025 Aetna Inc.
Y0001_NR_5520902_2026_C

Notice of Availability (NOA)
TTY: 711
To access language services at no cost to you, call the number on this document. (English)
እርስዎ ወጪ ሳያወጡ የቋንቋ አገልግሎቶችን ለመድረስ በዚህ ሰነድ ላይ ወዳለዉ ቁጥር ይደውሉ። (Amharic)
.ﺔﻘﯿﺛﻮﻟا هﺬھ ﻲﻓ رﻮﻛﺬﻤﻟا ﻢﻗﺮﻟﺎﺑ ﻞﺼﺗا ،ﺎًﻧﺎﺠﻣ ﺔﻐﻠﻟا تﺎﻣﺪﺧ ﻰﻠﻋ لﻮﺼﺤﻠﻟ (Arabic)
如欲使用免費語言服務，請致電本文件上的電話號碼。 (Chinese)
Tajaajila afaanii bilisaan argachuuf, lakkoofsa doookumentii kanarra jiru irratti bilbilaa.
(Cushite)
Pour accéder gratuitement aux services linguistiques, appelez le numéro indiqué sur ce
document. (French)
Pou jwenn sèvis lang san ou pa peye anyen, rele nimewo ki sou dokiman sa a. (French
Creole)
Um kostenlos auf Sprachdienste zuzugreifen, rufen Sie die Nummer in diesem Dokument an.
(German)
Inā ake ʻoe e ili mai no ke kōkua manuahi me ka unuhi, e kelepona ʻoe i ka helu ma kēia
palapala. (Hawaiian)
Kom tau txais cov kev pab cuam txhais lus yam tsis sau nqi ntawm koj, thov hu rau tus xov
tooj ntawm daim ntawv no. (Hmong)
Per accedere gratuitamente ai servizi linguistici, chiama il numero riportato in questo
documento. (Italian)
無料の言語サービスをご利用いただくには、この書類に記載されている番号にお電話ください。
(Japanese)
လၢကမၤနၢ့ ်ကျိာ်တၢမ် ၤစၢၤတၢမ် ၤ လၢတလၣိ ်လၢာ်ဘၣူ ်လၢာ်စၤ့ လၢနဂီၢအ် ဂီၢ,် ကးိ နၣီ ်ဂံၢ ်လၢအအၣိ ်ဖဲလာံ ်တလီ ာံ ်မီအၤံ
အဖီခၣိ ်နၣ့ ်တကၢ့ .် (Karen)
무료로 언어 서비스를 이용하려면 이 문서에 있는 전화번호로 전화하세요. (Korean)
ເພ່ ອ ົ ້ເຂາເິຖງການ ໍບິລການພາສາໂດຍ ບເສຍຄ່ າໃ ້ຊຈ່ າຍໃດໆ, ໃຫ ້ ໂທຫາເ ີບໂທໃນເອກະສານ ີ ້. (Laotian)
េដើម្បីទទួលបានេសវាែផ្នកភាសាេដាយមិនគិតៃថ្លពីអ្នកសូមទូរសព្ទេទាេលខែដលមានេនាេលើឯកសារ
(Mon‑Khmer, Cambodian)
េនះ។
.ﺪﯾﺮﯿﮕﺑ سﺎﻤﺗ ﺪﻨﺳ ﻦﯾا رد جرﺪﻨﻣ هرﺎﻤﺷ ﺎﺑ ،نﺎﮕﯾار ﯽﻧﺎﺑز تﺎﻣﺪﺧ ﮫﺑ ﯽﺳﺮﺘﺳد یاﺮﺑ (Persian farsi)
Aby uzyskać bezpłatny dostęp do usług językowych, zadzwoń pod numer podany w tym
dokumencie. (Polish)

Ligue para o número indicado neste documento para receber assistência linguística gratuita.
(Portuguese)
Чтобы получить бесплатные языковые услуги, позвоните по номеру телефона, указанному
в этом документе. (Russian)
Para acceder a servicios de idiomas sin costo alguno, llame al número que aparece en este
documento. (Spanish)
Upang ma‑access ang mga serbisyo sa wika nang wala kang babayaran, tawagan ang
numero sa dokumentong ito. (Tagalog)
Để truy cập dịch vụ ngôn ngữ miễn phí, hãy gọi đến số điện thoại ghi trên tài liệu này.
(Vietnamese)
Y0001_Y0130_H6399_2025_V3