AetnaMedicare.com
Y0001_H2663_022_HA06_SB2026_M
2026-H2663.022.1
Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO‑POS)
H2663 ‑ 022 | $0 Plan Premium
2026 Summary of Benefits
We’re here to help Keep in mind
You may have questions as you read through this This is a summary of the services
information. And that’s OK — we’re here to help. we cover from January 1, 2026
through December 31, 2026.
Not a member yet?
Call 1‑833‑859‑6031 (TTY: 711) Need a complete list of what we
October 1–March 31: 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week cover and any limitations? Just visit
April 1–September 30: 8 AM to 8 PM, Monday–Friday AetnaMedicare.com/H2663-022
where you’ll find the plan’s
Already a member? Evidence of Coverage (EOC). You
Call 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY: 711) may call us to request a copy.
8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week
An Aetna team member will answer your call.

2 2026 Summary of Benefits for H2663-022
Are you eligible to enroll?
To join Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO‑POS), you must:
• Be entitled to Medicare Part A
• Have Medicare Part B
• Live in the plan’s service area, which includes the following counties:
Missouri: Barry, Barton, Cedar, Christian, Dade, Dallas, Douglas, Greene, Hickory, Jasper, Laclede,
Lawrence, McDonald, Newton, Ozark, Polk, Stone, Taney, Webster, Wright
What you should know
• Plan type: Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO‑POS) is an HMO plan. This is a Medicare Advantage plan
that does not cover prescription drugs.
• Primary Care Provider (PCP): A PCP is important to help coordinate your care. We require you to
select a PCP. When you enroll, we’ll ask who your PCP is. If you don’t tell us, we’ll assign one to you.
You can change your PCP anytime by calling us or logging into your member portal.
• Referrals: Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO‑POS) doesn’t require a referral from a PCP to see a
specialist. Keep in mind, some providers may require a recommendation or treatment plan from
your provider in order to see you.
• Prior authorizations: Your provider will work with us to get approval before you receive certain
services.
• Helpful resources: To find provider directories and other plan information, visit
AetnaMedicare.com/H2663-022. For coverage and costs of Original Medicare, look in the
Medicare & You handbook. View it online at medicare.gov/medicare-and-you, or get a copy by
calling 1‑800‑MEDICARE (1‑800‑633‑4227) (TTY: 1‑877‑486‑2048), 24 hours a day, 7 days a
week.
Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS) | H2663-022 | $0 Plan Premium

2026 Summary of Benefits for H2663-022 3
Plan premium, deductible, and maximum
out-of-pocket (MOOP)
Out‑of‑pocket costs
Monthly plan premium $0
You must continue to pay your Medicare Part B
premium.
Part B premium reduction With this plan, the monthly premium you pay to the
Social Security Administration (SSA) is reduced by
$150.
Plan deductible $0
MOOP $3,400 for in‑network services
Once you reach the maximum out‑of‑pocket, our plan
pays 100% of covered medical services. Your premium
doesn’t count toward your MOOP.
Medical and hospital benefits
Hospital coverage
Your provider may need approval from us before we cover these services. This is
called prior authorization or precertification.
Benefit Your costs in our plan
Inpatient (unlimited number of days) $395 per day, days 1‑6; $0 per day, days 7‑90; $0 for
additional days
Outpatient hospital observation services $395 copay
Outpatient hospital $395 copay
Ambulatory surgical center $345 copay
Primary Care Provider (PCP) and specialist visits
Benefit Your costs in our plan
PCP $0 copay
Specialist $35 copay
Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS) | H2663-022 | $0 Plan Premium

4 2026 Summary of Benefits for H2663-022
Preventive, emergency and urgent care
Benefit Your costs in our plan
Preventive care $0 copay
For a full list of preventive services available, see the
EOC. Some covered services may have an associated
cost.
Emergency and urgent care (inside the $150 copay for emergency care
U.S.) $35 copay for urgent care
Emergency and urgent care, including $150 copay for emergency care
emergency ambulance (outside the U.S.) $150 copay for urgent care
$350 copay for ambulance
Maximum coverage: $250,000 (the most we’ll pay for
your worldwide emergency and urgent care combined,
including emergency ambulance)
Diagnostic services, labs, imaging
Your provider may need approval from us before we cover these services. This is
called prior authorization or precertification.
Benefit Your costs in our plan
Diagnostic tests and procedures $35 copay
$0 copay for certain Medicare‑covered diagnostic tests
and services including retinal fundus, spirometry, and
peripheral arterial disease (PAD) testing
Lab services $0 copay
Diagnostic radiology services, such as $170 copay
CT/CAT scan and MRI
Outpatient x‑rays $0 copay
Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS) | H2663-022 | $0 Plan Premium

2026 Summary of Benefits for H2663-022 5
Hearing services
Benefit Your costs in our plan
Diagnostic hearing exam $35 copay
Routine hearing exam $0 copay
You get one routine hearing exam every year with a
provider in the NationsHearing® network.
Hearing aids You get an annual benefit amount (allowance) of
$1,250 per ear. If the cost is over the benefit amount,
you pay the difference. This benefit amount can only be
used to purchase hearing aids through a
NationsHearing network provider.
Dental services
Benefit Your in‑network costs Your out‑of‑network costs
Dental services $0 copay for covered services 20% coinsurance for covered
(non‑Medicare services
covered)
You get an annual benefit amount (allowance) of $3,500 for covered
services. You are responsible for any costs over this amount.
Covered services include oral exams, x‑rays, cleanings, fillings,
extractions, and more.
You can use a provider in or out of the Aetna Dental PPO Network, which is
different from your medical network, for covered services. However, if you
use a provider outside of the network, you may be required to pay in full
for services and submit a request for reimbursement. See EOC for details
on exclusions and limitations.
Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS) | H2663-022 | $0 Plan Premium

6 2026 Summary of Benefits for H2663-022
Vision services
Benefit Your costs in our plan
Diagnostic eye exam (includes diabetic $0 copay
eye exams)
Glaucoma screening $0 copay
Routine eye exam (one exam every year) $0 copay with an EyeMed provider
Contacts and eyeglasses You get an annual benefit amount (allowance) of $350
for covered prescription eyewear.
You can only use this benefit amount at an EyeMed
provider. Your benefit amount is applied at the time of
purchase. If your eyewear purchase is more than your
benefit amount, you’ll need to pay the difference.
Mental health services
Your provider may need approval from us before we cover these services. This is
called prior authorization or precertification.
Benefit Your costs in our plan
Inpatient psychiatric hospital stay $310 per day, days 1‑6; $0 per day, days 7‑90
Our plan covers up to 190 days per benefit period.
Outpatient mental health therapy $35 copay for individual sessions
$35 copay for group sessions
Outpatient psychiatric therapy $35 copay for individual sessions
$35 copay for group sessions
Skilled nursing facility (SNF) and therapy
Your provider may need approval from us before we cover these services. This is
called prior authorization or precertification. Note: Members must meet the Centers
for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) criteria for medically necessary skilled care
to be covered.
Benefit Your costs in our plan
SNF care $20 per day, days 1‑20; $218 per day, days 21‑100
Our plan covers up to 100 days per benefit period.
Physical and speech therapy $35 copay
Occupational therapy $35 copay
Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS) | H2663-022 | $0 Plan Premium

2026 Summary of Benefits for H2663-022 7
Ambulance and routine transportation
Your provider needs approval from us before we cover non‑emergency
transportation by fixed wing aircraft. This is called prior authorization or
precertification.
Benefit Your costs in our plan
Ambulance $350 copay for ground ambulance services
(ground or air, one‑way trip) 20% coinsurance for air ambulance services
Routine, non‑emergency transportation Not Covered
Medicare Part B drugs
Medicare Part B only covers a limited number of medicines under certain conditions.
These medicines are often given to you in your provider’s office. They can include
things like vaccines, injections, and nebulizers, among others. They can also include
medicines you take at home using special medical equipment. Your provider may
need approval from us before we cover these services. This is called prior
authorization or precertification.
Benefit Your costs in our plan
Chemotherapy drugs 0% ‑ 20% coinsurance
Cost sharing shown is the maximum you will pay for Part
B prescription drugs. You may pay less for certain drugs.
Part B Insulin $35 copay
Other Part B drugs 0% ‑ 20% coinsurance
Cost sharing shown is the maximum you will pay for Part
B prescription drugs. You may pay less for certain drugs.
Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS) | H2663-022 | $0 Plan Premium

8 2026 Summary of Benefits for H2663-022
Other covered benefits
Aetna Medicare Extra Benefits Card
You get an Aetna Medicare Extra Benefits Card to help pay for certain everyday
expenses.
Benefit
Medical Expense Wallet You get a $150 quarterly benefit amount (allowance).
You can use your Medical Expense Wallet to help pay
for your copay or coinsurance for plan‑covered services
including, but not limited to, provider visits, lab work,
and vision and hearing exams. You can also use it to pay
for the cost of additional visits for a plan‑covered
service that has a visit limit. You can use your Medical
Expense Wallet at eligible provider offices that accept
Visa®.
Important:
• If you received an Extra Benefits Card in 2025 and
have not changed plans, keep your card. You will
not receive a new card in the mail for the 2026
plan year.
• If you are a new member or were not enrolled in a
plan with an Extra Benefits Card in 2025, you
should get a new card before your plan begins.
• If you changed plans, you may receive a new card.
Do not throw away your current card unless you
get a new card.
Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS) | H2663-022 | $0 Plan Premium

2026 Summary of Benefits for H2663-022 9
Benefit
CVS Over‑the‑Counter (OTC) Wallet You get a $120 quarterly benefit amount (allowance).
You can use your CVS Over‑the‑Counter (OTC) Wallet to
help pay for certain OTC health and wellness products
including allergy medicine, pain relievers, first aid
supplies, and more. Approved products can be
purchased in‑store at participating CVS® retail locations
(excluding locations inside other stores), and online or
by phone through CVS OTC Health Solutions®.
Important:
• If you received an Extra Benefits Card in 2025 and
have not changed plans, keep your card. You will
not receive a new card in the mail for the 2026
plan year.
• If you are a new member or were not enrolled in a
plan with an Extra Benefits Card in 2025, you
should get a new card before your plan begins.
• If you changed plans, you may receive a new card.
Do not throw away your current card unless you
get a new card.
Alternative medicine
Benefit Your costs in our plan
Acupuncture $20 copay for Medicare‑covered acupuncture visits
$20 copay for non‑Medicare covered acupuncture
visits
Medicare coverage is limited to services to treat
chronic low back pain. For non‑Medicare covered
services, we also cover up to twelve visits every year.
Your provider must determine medical necessity for
non‑Medicare covered services.
Chiropractic services $20 copay for Medicare‑covered chiropractic visits
Medicare coverage is limited to fixing a subluxation.
Non‑Medicare covered chiropractic services are not
covered.
Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS) | H2663-022 | $0 Plan Premium

10 2026 Summary of Benefits for H2663-022
Diabetic supplies
We exclusively cover Accu‑Chek/Roche and TRUE/Trividia blood glucose meters
and test strips as our preferred diabetic supplies.
Benefit Your costs in our plan
Diabetic supplies 0% ‑ 20% coinsurance
0% coinsurance for Accu‑Chek/Roche and
TRUE/Trividia blood glucose meters, and medical
diabetic supplies
20% coinsurance for blood glucose meters and supplies
manufactured by providers other than
Accu‑Chek/Roche and TRUE/Trividia with an approved
prior authorization
Fitness benefit
Benefit Your costs in our plan
Annual physical fitness membership $0 copay
You get a basic membership to any SilverSneakers®
participating fitness facility. If you prefer to exercise at
home, you may order one at‑home fitness kit per year
through SilverSneakers. If you do not reside near a
participating facility, online fitness classes are available
at no additional cost to you.
Foot care (podiatry services)
Benefit Your costs in our plan
Foot exams and treatment $35 copay for Medicare‑covered podiatry visits
$35 copay for non‑Medicare covered podiatry visits
For non‑Medicare covered services, we cover up to six
visits every year.
Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS) | H2663-022 | $0 Plan Premium

2026 Summary of Benefits for H2663-022 11
Home care and support
Your provider may need approval from us before we cover these services. This is
called prior authorization or precertification.
Benefit Your costs in our plan
Home health care $0 copay
Meal benefit (post‑discharge) $0 copay for meals
After you are discharged from a qualifying Inpatient
Acute Hospital, Inpatient Psychiatric Hospital, or Skilled
Nursing Facility stay, you may be eligible to get up to 14
freshly prepared meals for a 7‑day period. These meals
are provided to help support your recovery or manage
your health conditions. We have teamed up with
NationsMarket™ to provide this benefit.
Medical equipment and supplies
Your provider may need approval from us before we cover these services. This is
called prior authorization or precertification.
Benefit Your costs in our plan
Durable medical equipment (DME), such 0% ‑ 20% coinsurance
as wheelchairs, crutches, oxygen
equipment, and continuous glucose 0% coinsurance for continuous glucose monitors
monitors (CGMs) 20% coinsurance for all other Medicare‑covered DME
items
Prosthetics, such as braces and artificial 20% coinsurance
limbs
Resources For Living®
Benefit
Resources For Living Resources For Living helps connect you to resources in
your community such as senior housing, adult daycare,
meal subsidies, community activities, and more.
Substance use disorder services
Your provider may need approval from us before we cover these services. This is
called prior authorization or precertification.
Benefit Your costs in our plan
Outpatient substance use disorder $35 copay for individual sessions
services $35 copay for group sessions
Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS) | H2663-022 | $0 Plan Premium

12 2026 Summary of Benefits for H2663-022
Visitor/travel benefit
Plan rules continue to apply. You will need to choose a PCP where you are receiving
care. Prior authorizations are required for certain services.
Benefit
Visitor/travel program: Allows you to remain in your plan for up to 12 months
Travel Advantage when you are outside our plan’s service area.
While traveling within the United States (except
California), you can see an Aetna Medicare participating
provider and pay in‑network cost shares. Not all
providers participate in the multi‑state network. In most
cases, non‑urgent/non‑emergency care you receive
from an out‑of‑network provider will not be covered. You
must select a PCP in the visitor/travel area in order for
services to be covered. Contact us for help finding a
participating provider in the area you’re traveling to.
24‑Hour Nurse Line
You can talk to a registered nurse anytime to discuss health‑related questions. While
only your doctor can diagnose, prescribe, or give medical advice, the 24‑Hour Nurse
Line can provide information on a variety of health topics.
Benefit Your costs in our plan
24‑Hour Nurse Line $0 copay
Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS) | H2663-022 | $0 Plan Premium

Aetna Medicare is a HMO, PPO plan with a Medicare contract. Our DSNPs also have contracts with
State Medicaid programs. Enrollment in our plans depends on contract renewal.
See Evidence of Coverage for a complete description of plan benefits, exclusions, limitations and
conditions of coverage. Plan features and availability may vary by service area.
Out‑of‑network/non‑contracted providers are under no obligation to treat plan members, except in
emergency situations. Please call our member services number or see your Evidence of Coverage for
more information, including the cost sharing that applies to out‑of‑network services.
Aetna is part of the CVS Health® family of companies.
Due to legislation in Arkansas, effective January 1, 2026, you may not be able to utilize the following
services within the state of Arkansas, unless a court takes action: CVS Retail, CVS Caremark Mail
Service, CVS Specialty, and OMNI Care long term pharmacies.
Participating health care providers are independent contractors and are neither agents nor
employees of Aetna. The availability of any particular provider cannot be guaranteed, and provider
network composition is subject to change.
© 2025 NationsBenefits, LLC. All rights reserved. Marks are the property of their respective owners.
© 2025 NationsBenefits, LLC. All rights reserved. NationsHearing is a registered trademark of
NationsBenefits, LLC. Other marks are the property of their respective owners.
SilverSneakers is a registered trademark of Tivity Health, Inc. © 2025 Tivity Health, Inc. All rights
reserved.
To send a complaint to Aetna, call the Plan or the number on your member ID card. To send a
complaint to Medicare, call 1‑800‑MEDICARE (1‑800‑633‑4227) (TTY users should call
1‑877‑486‑2048), 24 hours a day/7 days a week. If your complaint involves a broker or agent, be
sure to include the name of the person when filing your grievance.
Resources For Living is the brand name used for products and services offered through the Aetna
group of subsidiary companies.
© 2025 Aetna Inc.
Y0001_H2663_022_HA06_SB2026_M
20250819

Pre‑enrollment checklist
Before making an enrollment decision, it is important that you fully understand our benefits and rules.
If you have any questions, you can call and speak to a customer service representative at
1‑833‑859‑6031 (TTY: 711). From October 1 to March 31, you can call us 7 days a week from 8 AM to 8
PM local time. From April 1 to September 30, we’re here Monday through Friday from 8 AM to 8 PM
local time.
Understanding the benefits
£ The Evidence of Coverage (EOC) provides a complete list of all coverage and services. It is
important to review plan coverage, costs, and benefits before you enroll. Visit
AetnaMedicare.com or call 1‑833‑859‑6031 (TTY: 711) to view a copy of the EOC.
£ Review the provider directory (or ask your doctor) to make sure the doctors you see now are in
the network. If they are not listed, it means you will likely have to select a new doctor.
Understanding important rules
£ Effect on Current Coverage. If you are currently enrolled in a Medicare Advantage plan, your
current Medicare Advantage healthcare coverage will end once your new Medicare Advantage
coverage starts. If you have Tricare, your coverage may be affected once your new Medicare
Advantage coverage starts. Please contact Tricare for more information. If you have a Medigap
plan, once your Medicare Advantage coverage starts, you may want to drop your Medigap
policy because you will be paying for coverage you cannot use.
£ You must continue to pay your Medicare Part B premium. This premium is normally taken out of
your Social Security check each month.
£ Benefits, premiums and/or copayments/co‑insurance may change on January 1, 2027.
£ Our plan allows you to see providers outside of our network (non‑contracted providers).
However, while we will pay for certain covered services, the provider must agree to treat you.
Except in an emergency or urgent situation, non‑contracted providers may deny care.
©2025 Aetna Inc.
Y0001_NR_5520902_2026_C

Notice of Availability (NOA)
TTY: 711
To access language services at no cost to you, call the number on this document. (English)
እርስዎ ወጪ ሳያወጡ የቋንቋ አገልግሎቶችን ለመድረስ በዚህ ሰነድ ላይ ወዳለዉ ቁጥር ይደውሉ። (Amharic)
.ﺔﻘﯿﺛﻮﻟا هﺬھ ﻲﻓ رﻮﻛﺬﻤﻟا ﻢﻗﺮﻟﺎﺑ ﻞﺼﺗا ،ﺎًﻧﺎﺠﻣ ﺔﻐﻠﻟا تﺎﻣﺪﺧ ﻰﻠﻋ لﻮﺼﺤﻠﻟ (Arabic)
如欲使用免費語言服務，請致電本文件上的電話號碼。 (Chinese)
Tajaajila afaanii bilisaan argachuuf, lakkoofsa doookumentii kanarra jiru irratti bilbilaa.
(Cushite)
Pour accéder gratuitement aux services linguistiques, appelez le numéro indiqué sur ce
document. (French)
Pou jwenn sèvis lang san ou pa peye anyen, rele nimewo ki sou dokiman sa a. (French
Creole)
Um kostenlos auf Sprachdienste zuzugreifen, rufen Sie die Nummer in diesem Dokument an.
(German)
Inā ake ʻoe e ili mai no ke kōkua manuahi me ka unuhi, e kelepona ʻoe i ka helu ma kēia
palapala. (Hawaiian)
Kom tau txais cov kev pab cuam txhais lus yam tsis sau nqi ntawm koj, thov hu rau tus xov
tooj ntawm daim ntawv no. (Hmong)
Per accedere gratuitamente ai servizi linguistici, chiama il numero riportato in questo
documento. (Italian)
無料の言語サービスをご利用いただくには、この書類に記載されている番号にお電話ください。
(Japanese)
လၢကမၤနၢ့ ်ကျိာ်တၢမ် ၤစၢၤတၢမ် ၤ လၢတလၣိ ်လၢာ်ဘၣူ ်လၢာ်စၤ့ လၢနဂီၢအ် ဂီၢ,် ကးိ နၣီ ်ဂံၢ ်လၢအအၣိ ်ဖဲလာံ ်တလီ ာံ ်မီအၤံ
အဖီခၣိ ်နၣ့ ်တကၢ့ .် (Karen)
무료로 언어 서비스를 이용하려면 이 문서에 있는 전화번호로 전화하세요. (Korean)
ເພ່ ອ ົ ້ເຂາເິຖງການ ໍບິລການພາສາໂດຍ ບເສຍຄ່ າໃ ້ຊຈ່ າຍໃດໆ, ໃຫ ້ ໂທຫາເ ີບໂທໃນເອກະສານ ີ ້. (Laotian)
េដើម្បីទទួលបានេសវាែផ្នកភាសាេដាយមិនគិតៃថ្លពីអ្នកសូមទូរសព្ទេទាេលខែដលមានេនាេលើឯកសារ
(Mon‑Khmer, Cambodian)
េនះ។
.ﺪﯾﺮﯿﮕﺑ سﺎﻤﺗ ﺪﻨﺳ ﻦﯾا رد جرﺪﻨﻣ هرﺎﻤﺷ ﺎﺑ ،نﺎﮕﯾار ﯽﻧﺎﺑز تﺎﻣﺪﺧ ﮫﺑ ﯽﺳﺮﺘﺳد یاﺮﺑ (Persian farsi)
Aby uzyskać bezpłatny dostęp do usług językowych, zadzwoń pod numer podany w tym
dokumencie. (Polish)

Ligue para o número indicado neste documento para receber assistência linguística gratuita.
(Portuguese)
Чтобы получить бесплатные языковые услуги, позвоните по номеру телефона, указанному
в этом документе. (Russian)
Para acceder a servicios de idiomas sin costo alguno, llame al número que aparece en este
documento. (Spanish)
Upang ma‑access ang mga serbisyo sa wika nang wala kang babayaran, tawagan ang
numero sa dokumentong ito. (Tagalog)
Để truy cập dịch vụ ngôn ngữ miễn phí, hãy gọi đến số điện thoại ghi trên tài liệu này.
(Vietnamese)
Y0001_Y0130_H6399_2025_V3