January 1 – December 31, 2026
Evidence of Coverage for 2026:
Your Medicare Health Benefits and Services as a Member of Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO‑POS)
This document gives the details of your Medicare health coverage from January 1 – December 31, 2026.
This is an important legal document. Keep it in a safe place.
This document explains your benefits and rights. Use this document to understand:
• Our plan premium and cost sharing
• Our medical benefits
• How to file a complaint if you're not satisfied with a service or treatment
• How to contact us
• Other protections required by Medicare law
For questions about this document, call Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 or the number on your
member ID card for additional information. (TTY users call 711.) Hours are 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a
week. This call is free.
This plan, Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO‑POS), is offered by COVENTRY HEALTH CARE OF MISSOURI, INC.
(When this Evidence of Coverage says “we,” “us,” or “our,” it means COVENTRY HEALTH CARE OF
MISSOURI, INC. When it says “plan” or “our plan,” it means Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO‑POS).)
This document is available for free in Spanish. Este documento está disponible de forma gratuita en
español.
This document is available for free in other formats such as braille, large print or other alternate formats
upon request.
Benefits, premiums, deductibles, and/or copayments/coinsurance may change on January 1, 2027.
Our provider network can change at any time. You'll get notice about any changes that can affect you at
least 30 days in advance.
Due to legislation in Arkansas, effective January 1, 2026, you may not be able to utilize the following
services within the state of Arkansas, unless a court takes action: CVS Retail, CVS Caremark Mail Service,
CVS Specialty, and OMNI Care long term pharmacies.
Y0001_H2663_022_HA06_EOC2026_C
OMB Approval 0938-1051 (Expires: August 31, 2026)

2 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS)
Table of Contents
Table of Contents
CHAPTER 1: Get started as a member 4
SECTION 1 You're a member of Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO‑POS) 4
SECTION 2 Plan eligibility requirements 4
SECTION 3 Important membership materials 5
SECTION 4 Summary of Important Costs for 2026 6
SECTION 5 More information about your monthly plan premium 7
SECTION 6 Keep our plan membership record up to date 7
SECTION 7 How other insurance works with our plan 8
CHAPTER 2: Phone numbers and resources 9
SECTION 1 Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO‑POS) contacts 9
SECTION 2 Get help from Medicare 11
SECTION 3 State Health Insurance Assistance Program (SHIP) 11
SECTION 4 Quality Improvement Organization (QIO) 12
SECTION 5 Social Security 12
SECTION 6 Medicaid 12
SECTION 7 Railroad Retirement Board (RRB) 13
SECTION 8 If you have group insurance or other health insurance from an employer 13
CHAPTER 3: Using our plan for your medical services 14
SECTION 1 How to get medical care as a member of our plan 14
SECTION 2 Use providers in our plan’s network to get medical care 15
SECTION 3 How to get services in an emergency, disaster, or urgent need for care 18
SECTION 4 What if you’re billed directly for the full cost of your covered services? 20
SECTION 5 Medical services in a clinical research study 20
SECTION 6 Rules for getting care in a religious non‑medical health care institution 22
SECTION 7 Rules for ownership of durable medical equipment 22
CHAPTER 4: Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay) 24
SECTION 1 Understanding your out‑of‑pocket costs for covered services 24
SECTION 2 The Medical Benefits Chart shows your medical benefits and costs 25
SECTION 3 Services that aren't covered by our plan (exclusions) 87
CHAPTER 5: Asking us to pay our share of a bill for covered medical services 91
SECTION 1 Situations when you should ask us to pay our share for covered services 91
SECTION 2 How to ask us to pay you back or pay a bill you got 92
SECTION 3 We’ll consider your request for payment and say yes or no 92
CHAPTER 6: Your rights and responsibilities 94
SECTION 1 Our plan must honor your rights and cultural sensitivities 94
SECTION 2 Your responsibilities as a member of our plan 98
CHAPTER 7: If you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals,
complaints) 100
SECTION 1 What to do if you have a problem or concern 100
SECTION 2 Where to get more information and personalized help 100
SECTION 3 Which process to use for your problem 100
SECTION 4 A guide to coverage decisions and appeals 101
SECTION 5 Medical care: How to ask for a coverage decision or make an appeal 103

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS) 3
Table of Contents
SECTION 6 How to ask us to cover a longer inpatient hospital stay if you think you’re
being discharged too soon 108
SECTION 7 How to ask us to keep covering certain medical services if you think your
coverage is ending too soon 111
SECTION 8 Taking your appeal to Levels 3, 4 and 5 114
SECTION 9 How to make a complaint about quality of care, waiting times, customer
service, or other concerns 115
CHAPTER 8: Ending membership in our plan 119
SECTION 1 Ending your membership in our plan 119
SECTION 2 When can you end your membership in our plan? 119
SECTION 3 How to end your membership in our plan? 120
SECTION 4 Until your membership ends, you must keep getting your medical items and
services through our plan 121
SECTION 5 Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO‑POS) must end our plan membership in
certain situations 121
CHAPTER 9: Legal notices 123
SECTION 1 Notice about governing law 123
SECTION 2 Notice about non discrimination 123
SECTION 3 Notice about Medicare Secondary Payer subrogation rights 123
SECTION 4 Notice about recovery of overpayments 125
SECTION 5 National Coverage Determinations 125
CHAPTER 10: Definitions 126
APPENDIX A: Important contact information 133

CHAPTER 1:
Get started as a member
SECTION 1 You're a member of Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO‑POS)
You’re enrolled in Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO‑POS), which is a Medicare HMO
Section 1.1
Point‑of‑Service plan
You're covered by Medicare, and you chose to get your Medicare health coverage through our plan, Aetna
Medicare Eagle (HMO‑POS). Our plan covers all Part A and Part B services. However, cost sharing and
provider access in this plan are different from Original Medicare.
Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO‑POS) is a Medicare Advantage HMO Plan (HMO stands for Health
Maintenance Organization with a Point‑of‑Service (POS) option) approved by Medicare and run by a
private company. Point‑of‑Service means you can use providers outside our plan’s network for an
additional cost. (Go to Chapter 3, Section 2.4 for information about using the Point‑of‑Service option.)
Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO‑POS) doesn't include Part D drug coverage.
Section 1.2 Legal information about the Evidence of Coverage
This Evidence of Coverage is part of our contract with you about how Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO‑POS)
covers your care. Other parts of this contract include your enrollment form and any notices you get from
us about changes to your coverage or conditions that affect your coverage. These notices are sometimes
called riders or amendments.
The contract is in effect for the months you’re enrolled in Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO‑POS) between
January 1, 2026 and December 31, 2026.
Medicare allows us to make changes to our plans we offer each calendar year. This means we can change
the costs and benefits of Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO‑POS) after December 31, 2026. We can also choose
to stop offering our plan in your service area, after December 31, 2026.
Medicare (the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services) must approve Aetna Medicare Eagle
(HMO‑POS) each year. You can continue to get Medicare coverage as a member of our plan as long as we
choose to continue offering our plan and Medicare renews approval of our plan.
SECTION 2 Plan eligibility requirements
Section 2.1 Eligibility requirements
You’re eligible for membership in our plan as long as you meet all these conditions:
• You have both Medicare Part A and Medicare Part B
• You live in our geographic service area (described in Section 2.2). People who are incarcerated
aren’t considered to be living in the geographic service area, even if they're physically located in it.
• You’re a United States citizen or lawfully present in the United States
Section 2.2 Plan service area for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO‑POS)
Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO‑POS) is only available to people who live in our plan service area. To stay a
member of our plan you must continue to live in our service area. The service area is described below.
Our service area includes these counties in Missouri: Barry, Barton, Cedar, Christian, Dade, Dallas,

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS) 5
Chapter 1. Get started as a member
Douglas, Greene, Hickory, Jasper, Laclede, Lawrence, McDonald, Newton, Ozark, Polk, Stone, Taney,
Webster, Wright.
If you move out of our plan’s service area, you can’t stay a member of this plan. Call Member Services at
1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users call 711) to see if we have a plan in your new area. When you move, you’ll
have a Special Enrollment Period to either switch to Original Medicare or enroll in a Medicare health or
drug plan in your new location.
If you move or change your mailing address, it's also important to call Social Security. Call Social Security
at 1‑800‑772‑1213 (TTY users call 1‑800‑325‑0778).
Section 2.3 U.S. citizen or lawful presence
You must be a U.S. citizen or lawfully present in the United States to be a member of a Medicare health
plan. Medicare (the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services) will notify Aetna Medicare Eagle
(HMO‑POS) if you’re not eligible to stay a member of our plan on this basis. Aetna Medicare Eagle
(HMO‑POS) must disenroll you if you don’t meet this requirement.
SECTION 3 Important membership materials
Section 3.1 Our plan membership card
Use your membership card whenever you get services covered by our plan. You should also show the
provider your Medicaid card, if you have one. Sample plan membership card:
DON’T use your red, white, and blue Medicare card for covered medical services while you’re a member
of this plan. If you use your Medicare card instead of your Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO‑POS) membership
card, you may have to pay the full cost of medical services yourself. Keep your Medicare card in a safe
place. You may be asked to show it if you need hospital services, hospice services, or participate in
Medicare approved clinical research studies (also called clinical trials).
If our plan membership card is damaged, lost, or stolen, call Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY
users call 711) right away and we’ll send you a new card.
Section 3.2 Provider Directory
The Provider Directory (AetnaMedicare.com/findprovider) lists our current network providers and
durable medical equipment suppliers. Network providers are the doctors and other health care
professionals, medical groups, durable medical equipment suppliers, hospitals, and other health care
facilities that have an agreement with us to accept our payment and any plan cost sharing as payment in
full.

6 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS)
Chapter 1. Get started as a member
You must use network providers to get your medical care and services. If you go elsewhere without proper
authorization you’ll have to pay in full. The only exceptions are emergencies, urgently needed services
when the network isn’t available (that is, situations when it’s unreasonable or not possible to obtain
services in‑network), out‑of‑area dialysis services, and cases in which Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO‑POS)
authorizes use of out‑of‑network providers.
Our plan is a Medicare Advantage Health Maintenance Organization (HMO) with a Point‑of‑Service option
(POS), which means you may also elect to receive some covered services from out‑of‑network providers.
As a member of this plan, you have the option to use out‑of‑network providers for non‑Medicare covered
routine dental services. Go to Chapter 3 for more specific information about the Point‑of‑Service (POS)
option.
Get the most recent list of providers and suppliers on our website at AetnaMedicare.com/findprovider.
If you don’t have a Provider Directory, you can ask for a copy (electronically or in paper form) from
Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users call 711). Requested paper Provider Directories will be
mailed to you within 3 business days.
SECTION 4 Summary of Important Costs for 2026
Your costs in 2026
Monthly plan premium* $0
*Your premium can be higher than this amount.
Go to Section 4.1 for details.
Deductible $0
Maximum out‑of‑pocket amount $3,400
This is the most you’ll pay out‑of‑pocket for
covered services.
(Go to Chapter 4 Section 1 for details.)
Primary care office visits $0 per visit
Specialist office visits $35 per visit
Inpatient hospital stays $395 per day, days 1‑6; $0 per day, days 7‑90; $0
copay for additional days for each medically
necessary covered inpatient stay.
Your costs can include the following:
• Plan Premium (Section 4.1)
• Monthly Medicare Part B Premium (Section 4.2)
Section 4.1 Plan Premium
You don’t pay a separate monthly plan premium for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO‑POS).
Medicare Part B premiums differ for people with different incomes. If you have questions about these
premiums, check your copy of Medicare & You 2026 handbook, the section called 2026 Medicare Costs.
Download a copy from the Medicare website (medicare.gov/medicare-and-you) or order a printed copy
by phone at 1‑800‑MEDICARE (1‑800‑633‑4227). TTY users call 1‑877‑486‑2048.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS) 7
Chapter 1. Get started as a member
Section 4.2 Monthly Medicare Part B Premium
Many members are required to pay other Medicare premiums
Part B Premium Reduction
In 2026, we will reduce the Part B premium that you pay to the Social Security Administration by $150 per
month. If you pay your Part B premium on a monthly basis, you will see this dollar amount credited in your
Social Security check. If you pay your Part B premium quarterly, you will see an amount equaling three
months of reductions credited on your quarterly Part B premium statement. It may take a few months to
see these reductions credited to either your Social Security check or premium statement, but you will be
reimbursed for any credits you did not receive during this waiting period.
You must continue paying your Medicare premiums to stay a member of our plan. This includes your
premium for Part B. You may also pay a premium for Part A if you aren’t eligible for premium‑free Part A.
SECTION 5 More information about your monthly plan premium
Section 5.1 Our monthly plan premium won’t change during the year
We’re not allowed to change our plan’s monthly plan premium amount during the year. If the monthly plan
premium changes for next year, we’ll tell you in September and the new premium will take effect on
January 1.
SECTION 6 Keep our plan membership record up to date
Your membership record has information from your enrollment form, including your address and phone
number. It shows your specific plan coverage including your Primary Care Provider/Medical Group/IPA. A
Medical Group is a group of physicians and other health care providers under contract to provide services
to members of our plan. An IPA, or Independent Practice Association, is an independent group of
physicians and other health care providers under contract to provide services to members of our plan.
The doctors, hospitals, and other providers in our plan’s network use your membership record to know
what services are covered and your cost‑sharing amounts. Because of this, it’s very important to help
us keep your information up to date.
If you have any of these changes, let us know:
• Changes to your name, address, or phone number
• Changes in any other health coverage you have (such as from your employer, your spouse or
domestic partner’s employer, workers’ compensation, or Medicaid)
• Any liability claims, such as claims from an automobile accident
• If you’re admitted to a nursing home
• If you get care in an out‑of‑area or out‑of‑network hospital or emergency room
• If your designated responsible party (such as a caregiver) changes
• If you participate in a clinical research study. (Note: You’re not required to tell our plan about clinical
research studies you intend to participate in, but we encourage you to do so.)
If any of this information changes, let us know by calling Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users
call 711).
It's also important to contact Social Security if you move or change your mailing address. Call Social
Security at 1‑800‑772‑1213 (TTY users call 1‑800‑325‑0778).

8 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS)
Chapter 1. Get started as a member
SECTION 7 How other insurance works with our plan
Medicare requires us to collect information about any other medical or drug coverage you have so we can
coordinate any other coverage with your benefits under our plan. This is called Coordination of Benefits.
Once a year, we'll send you a letter that lists any other medical or drug coverage we know about. Read this
information carefully. If it's correct, you don't have to do anything. If the information isn't correct, or if you
have other coverage that's not listed, call Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users call 711). You
may need to give our plan member ID number to your other insurers (once you confirm their identity) so
your bills are paid correctly and on time.
When you have other insurance (like employer group health coverage), Medicare rules decide whether
our plan or your other insurance pays first. The insurance that pays first (the "primary payer"), pays up to
the limits of its coverage. The insurance that pays second (the "secondary payer"), only pays if there are
costs left uncovered by the primary coverage. The secondary payer may not pay all the uncovered costs.
If you have other insurance, tell your doctor, hospital, and pharmacy.
These rules apply for employer or union group health plan coverage:
• If you have retiree coverage, Medicare pays first.
• If your group health plan coverage is based on your or a family member’s current employment, who
pays first depends on your age, the number of people employed by your employer, and whether you
have Medicare based on age, disability, or End‑Stage Renal Disease (ESRD):
If you’re under 65 and disabled and you (or your family member) are still working, your group
○
health plan pays first if the employer has 100 or more employees or at least one employer in a
multiple employer plan has more than 100 employees.
If you’re over 65 and you (or your spouse or domestic partner) are still working, your group
○
health plan pays first if the employer has 20 or more employees or at least one employer in a
multiple employer plan has more than 20 employees.
• If you have Medicare because of ESRD, your group health plan will pay first for the first 30 months
after you become eligible for Medicare.
These types of coverage usually pay first for services related to each type:
• No‑fault insurance (including automobile insurance)
• Liability (including automobile insurance)
• Black lung benefits
• Workers’ compensation
Medicaid and TRICARE never pay first for Medicare‑covered services. They only pay after Medicare,
employer group health plans, and/or Medigap have paid.

CHAPTER 2:
Phone numbers and resources
SECTION 1 Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO‑POS) contacts
For help with claims, billing, or member card questions, call or write to Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO‑POS)
Member Services. We’ll be happy to help you.
Member Services – Contact Information
1‑833‑570‑6670 or the number on your member ID card
Calls to this number are free.
Call Hours of operation are 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week.
Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users call 711) also has free
language interpreter services for non‑English speakers.
711
TTY Calls to this number are free.
Hours of operation are 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week.
Fax 1‑866‑759‑4415
Aetna Medicare
Write PO Box 14088
Lexington, KY 40512
Website AetnaMedicare.com
How to ask for a coverage decision or appeal about your medical care
A coverage decision is a decision we make about your benefits and coverage or about the amount we pay
for your medical services. An appeal is a formal way of asking us to review and change a coverage
decision. For more information on how to ask for coverage decisions or appeals about your medical care,
go to Chapter 7.
Coverage Decisions for Medical Care – Contact Information
1‑833‑570‑6670 or the number on your member ID card
Call Calls to this number are free.
Hours of operation are 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week.
711
TTY Calls to this number are free.
Hours of operation are 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week.
Fax 1‑866‑759‑4415
Aetna Medicare Precertification Unit
Write PO Box 14079
Lexington, KY 40512
Website AetnaMedicare.com
Appeals for Medical Care – Contact Information
1‑800‑282‑5366
Call Calls to this number are free.
Hours of operation are 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week.

10 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS)
Chapter 2. Phone numbers and resources
Appeals for Medical Care – Contact Information
711
TTY Calls to this number are free.
Hours of operation are 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week.
1‑724‑741‑4953
Fax
Expedited appeals: 1‑724‑741‑4958
Aetna Medicare Part C Appeals
Write PO Box 14067
Lexington, KY 40512
Website Aetna.com/medicare/contact-us/appeals-grievances.html
How to make a complaint about your medical care
You can make a complaint about us or one of our network providers, including a complaint about the
quality of your care. This type of complaint doesn’t involve coverage or payment disputes. For more
information on how to make a complaint about your medical care, go to Chapter 7.
Complaints about Medical Care – Contact Information
1‑833‑570‑6670 or the number on your member ID card
Call Calls to this number are free.
Hours of operation are 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week.
711
TTY Calls to this number are free.
Hours of operation are 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week.
Fax 1‑724‑741‑4956
Aetna Medicare Grievances
Write PO Box 14834
Lexington, KY 40512
To submit a complaint about Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO‑POS) directly to
Medicare Website
Medicare, go to www.Medicare.gov/my/medicare-complaint.
How to ask us to pay our share of the cost for medical care you got
If you got a bill or paid for services (like a provider bill) you think we should pay for, you may need to ask us
for reimbursement or to pay the provider bill. Go to Chapter 5 for more information.
If you send us a payment request and we deny any part of your request, you can appeal our decision. Go
to Chapter 7 for more information.
Payment Requests – Contact Information
Fax 1‑866‑474‑4040
Aetna Medicare
Write PO Box 981106
El Paso, TX 79998‑1106
Website AetnaMedicare.com

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS) 11
Chapter 2. Phone numbers and resources
SECTION 2 Get help from Medicare
Medicare is the federal health insurance program for people 65 years of age or older, some people under
age 65 with disabilities, and people with End‑Stage Renal Disease (permanent kidney failure requiring
dialysis or a kidney transplant).
The federal agency in charge of Medicare is the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS). This
agency contracts with Medicare Advantage organizations, including our plan.
Medicare – Contact Information
1‑800‑MEDICARE (1‑800‑633‑4227)
Call Calls to this number are free.
24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
1‑877‑486‑2048
This number requires special telephone equipment and is only for people who
TTY
have difficulties hearing or speaking.
Calls to this number are free.
Chat Live Chat live at Medicare.gov/talk-to-someone
Write Write to Medicare at PO Box 1270, Lawrence, KS 66044
Website Medicare.gov
• Get information about the Medicare health and drug plans in your area,
including what they cost and what services they provide.
• Find Medicare‑participating doctors or other health care providers and
suppliers.
• Find out what Medicare covers, including preventive services (like
screenings, shots or vaccines, and yearly “Wellness” visits).
• Get Medicare appeals information and forms.
• Get information about the quality of care provided by plans, nursing
homes, hospitals, doctors, home health agencies, dialysis facilities,
hospice centers, inpatient rehabilitation facilities, and long‑term care
hospitals.
• Look up helpful websites and phone numbers.
You can also visit Medicare.gov to tell Medicare about any complaints you
have about Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO‑POS).
To submit a complaint to Medicare, go to
www.Medicare.gov/my/medicare-complaint. Medicare takes your
complaints seriously and will use this information to help improve the quality
of the Medicare program.
SECTION 3 State Health Insurance Assistance Program (SHIP)
The State Health Insurance Assistance Program (SHIP) is a government program with trained counselors
in every state that offers free help, information, and answers to your Medicare questions. Refer to
Appendix A at the back of this document for the name and contact information of the State Health
Insurance Assistance Program in your state.
SHIP is an independent state program (not connected with any insurance company or health plan) that

12 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS)
Chapter 2. Phone numbers and resources
gets money from the federal government to give free local health insurance counseling to people with
Medicare.
SHIP counselors can help you understand your Medicare rights, make complaints about your medical care
or treatment, and straighten out problems with your Medicare bills. SHIP counselors can also help you
with Medicare questions or problems, help you understand your Medicare plan choices, and answer
questions about switching plans.
SECTION 4 Quality Improvement Organization (QIO)
A designated Quality Improvement Organization (QIO) serves people with Medicare in each state. Refer to
Appendix A at the back of this document for the name and contact information of the Quality
Improvement Organization in your state.
The Quality Improvement Organization has a group of doctors and other health care professionals paid by
Medicare to check on and help improve the quality of care for people with Medicare. The Quality
Improvement Organization is an independent organization. It’s not connected with our plan.
Contact the Quality Improvement Organization in any of these situations:
• You have a complaint about the quality of care you got. Examples of quality‑of‑care concerns
include getting the wrong medication, unnecessary tests or procedures, or a misdiagnosis.
• You think coverage for your hospital stay is ending too soon.
• You think coverage for your home health care, skilled nursing facility care, or Comprehensive
Outpatient Rehabilitation Facility (CORF) services is ending too soon.
SECTION 5 Social Security
Social Security determines Medicare eligibility and handles Medicare enrollment.
If you move or change your mailing address, contact Social Security to let them know.
Social Security – Contact Information
1‑800‑772‑1213
Calls to this number are free.
Call Available 8 am to 7 pm, Monday through Friday.
Use Social Security’s automated telephone services to get recorded
information and conduct some business 24 hours a day.
1‑800‑325‑0778
This number requires special telephone equipment and is only for people who
TTY have difficulties with hearing or speaking.
Calls to this number are free.
Available 8 am to 7 pm, Monday through Friday.
Website SSA.gov
SECTION 6 Medicaid
Medicaid is a joint federal and state government program that helps with medical costs for certain people
with limited incomes and resources. Some people with Medicare are also eligible for Medicaid. Medicaid
offers programs to help people with Medicare pay their Medicare costs, such as their Medicare premiums.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS) 13
Chapter 2. Phone numbers and resources
These Medicare Savings Programs include:
• Qualified Medicare Beneficiary (QMB): Helps pay Medicare Part A and Part B premiums, and other
cost sharing (like deductibles, coinsurance, and copayments). (Some people with QMB are also
eligible for full Medicaid benefits (QMB+).)
• Specified Low‑Income Medicare Beneficiary (SLMB): Helps pay Part B premiums. (Some people
with SLMB are also eligible for full Medicaid benefits (SLMB+).)
• Qualifying Individual (QI): Helps pay Part B premiums.
• Qualified Disabled & Working Individuals (QDWI): Helps pay Part A premiums.
To find out more about Medicaid and Medicaid Savings Programs, contact your state Medicaid agency.
Refer to Appendix A at the back of this document for the name and contact information for the Medicaid
agency in your state.
SECTION 7 Railroad Retirement Board (RRB)
The Railroad Retirement Board is an independent federal agency that administers comprehensive benefit
programs for the nation’s railroad workers and their families. If you get Medicare through the Railroad
Retirement Board, let them know if you move or change your mailing address. For questions about your
benefits from the Railroad Retirement Board, contact the agency.
Railroad Retirement Board (RRB) – Contact Information
1‑877‑772‑5772
Calls to this number are free.
Press “0” to speak with an RRB representative from 9 am to 3:30 pm, Monday,
Call
Tuesday, Thursday, and Friday, and from 9 am to 12 pm on Wednesday.
Press “1” to access the automated RRB HelpLine and get recorded
information 24 hours a day, including weekends and holidays.
1‑312‑751‑4701
This number requires special telephone equipment and is only for people who
TTY
have difficulties hearing or speaking.
Calls to this number aren’t free.
Website https://RRB.gov
SECTION 8 If you have group insurance or other health insurance from an employer
If you (or your spouse or domestic partner) get benefits from your (or your spouse or domestic partner’s)
employer or retiree group as part of this plan, call the employer/union benefits administrator or Member
Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users call 711) with any questions. You can ask about your (or your
spouse or domestic partner’s) employer or retiree health benefits, premiums, or the enrollment period.
You can call 1‑800‑MEDICARE (1‑800‑633‑4227) with questions about your Medicare coverage under this
plan. TTY users call 1‑877‑486‑2048.

CHAPTER 3:
Using our plan for your medical services
SECTION 1 How to get medical care as a member of our plan
This chapter explains what you need to know about using our plan to get your medical care covered.
For details on what medical care our plan covers and how much you pay when you get care, go to the
Medical Benefits Chart in Chapter 4.
Section 1.1 Network providers and covered services
• Providers are doctors and other health care professionals licensed by the state to provide medical
services and care. The term “providers” also includes hospitals and other health care facilities.
• Network providers are the doctors and other health care professionals, medical groups, hospitals,
and other health care facilities that have an agreement with us to accept our payment and your
cost‑sharing amount as payment in full. We arranged for these providers to deliver covered services
to members in our plan. The providers in our network bill us directly for care they give you. When
you see a network provider, you pay only your share of the cost for their services.
• Covered services include all the medical care, health care services, supplies, and equipment that
are covered by our plan. Your covered services for medical care are listed in the Medical Benefits
Chart in Chapter 4.
Section 1.2 Basic rules for your medical care to be covered by our plan
As a Medicare health plan, Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO‑POS) must cover all services covered by Original
Medicare and follow Original Medicare’s coverage rules.
Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO‑POS) will generally cover your medical care as long as:
• The care you get is included in our plan’s Medical Benefits Chart in Chapter 4.
• The care you get is considered medically necessary. Medically necessary means that the
services, supplies, equipment, or drugs are needed for the prevention, diagnosis, or treatment of
your medical condition and meet accepted standards of medical practice.
• You have a network primary care provider (a PCP) providing and overseeing your care. As a
member of our plan, you must choose a network PCP (go to Section 2.1 for more information).
• You must get your care from a network provider (go to Section 2). In most cases, care you get
from an out‑of‑network provider (a provider who's not part of our plan's network) won't be covered.
This means you have to pay the provider in full for services you get. Here are 4 exceptions:
Our plan covers emergency care or urgently needed services you get from an out‑of‑network
○
provider. For more information, and to see what emergency or urgently needed services are,
go to Section 3.
If you need medical care that Medicare requires our plan to cover but there are no specialists
○
in our network that provide this care, you can get this care from an out‑of‑network provider.
You should get prior authorization from our plan prior to seeking care. For information about
getting approval to see an out‑of‑network doctor, go to Section 2.4.
Our plan covers kidney dialysis services you get at a Medicare‑certified dialysis facility when
○
you’re temporarily outside our plan’s service area or when your provider for this service is
temporarily unavailable or inaccessible. The cost sharing you pay our plan for dialysis can
never be higher than the cost sharing in Original Medicare. If you’re outside our plan’s service
area and get dialysis from a provider that’s outside our plan’s network, your cost sharing can’t
be higher than the cost sharing you pay in‑network. However, if your usual in‑network provider
for dialysis is temporarily unavailable and you choose to get services inside our service area
from a provider outside our plan’s network, your cost sharing for the dialysis may be higher.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS) 15
Chapter 3. Using our plan for your medical services
Because our plan has a Point‑of‑Service (POS) option, care you receive for certain services
○
from an out‑of‑network provider (a provider who is not part of our plan’s network) may be
covered. As a member of this plan, you have the option to use out‑of‑network providers for
non‑Medicare covered routine dental services.
SECTION 2 Use providers in our plan’s network to get medical care
Section 2.1 You must choose a Primary Care Provider (PCP) to provide and oversee your
medical care
What is a PCP and what does the PCP do for you?
As a member of our plan, you must have a network PCP on file with us. It is very important that you
choose a network PCP and tell us who you have chosen. Your PCP can help you stay healthy, treat
illnesses and coordinate your care with other health care providers. Your PCP (or PCP office) will appear
on your member ID card. If your member ID card does not show a PCP (or PCP office), or the PCP on your
card is not the one you want to use, please contact us immediately. If you use a PCP whose name (or
office name) is not printed on your member ID card, you may incur a higher cost share or your claims may
be denied.
Depending on where you live, the following types of providers may act as a PCP:
• General Practitioner
• Internist
• Family Practitioner
• Geriatrician
• Physician Assistants (Not available in all states)
• Nurse Practitioners (Not available in all states)
Please refer to your Provider Directory or go to our website at AetnaMedicare.com/findprovider for a
complete listing of PCPs in your area.
What is the role of a PCP?
Your PCP will provide most of your care, and when you need more specialized services, they will
coordinate your care with other providers. They will help you find a specialist and will arrange for covered
services you get as a member of our plan. Some of the services that the PCP will coordinate include:
• X‑rays
• Laboratory tests
• Therapies
• Care from doctors who are specialists
• Hospital admissions
“Coordinating” your services includes consulting with other plan providers about your care and how it is
progressing. Since your PCP will provide and coordinate most of your medical care, we recommend that
you have your past medical records sent to your PCP’s office.
What is the role of the PCP in making decisions about or obtaining prior authorization (PA), if
applicable?
In some cases, your PCP or other provider or you as the enrollee (member) of the plan may need to get
approval in advance from our Medical Management Department for certain types of services or tests (this
is called getting “prior authorization”). Obtaining prior authorization is the responsibility of the PCP,
treating provider, or you as the member. Services and items requiring prior authorization are listed in

16 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS)
Chapter 3. Using our plan for your medical services
Chapter 4.
How to choose a PCP
You can select your PCP by using the Provider Directory, by accessing our website at
AetnaMedicare.com/findprovider, or getting help from Member Services. If you have not selected a
PCP, a PCP will be assigned to you. You can change your PCP (as explained later in this section) for any
reason, and at any time, by contacting Member Services.
How to change your PCP
You can change your PCP for any reason, at any time. It’s also possible that your PCP might leave our
plan’s network of providers and you’d need to choose a new PCP. Contact us immediately if your member
ID card does not show the PCP you want to use. We will update your file and send you a new member ID
card to reflect the change in PCP.
To change your PCP, call Member Services before you set up an appointment with a new PCP. When you
call, be sure to tell Member Services if you are seeing specialists or currently getting other covered
services that were coordinated by your PCP (such as home health services and durable medical
equipment). They will check to see if the PCP you want to switch to is accepting new patients. Member
Services will change your membership record to show the name of your new PCP, let you know the
effective date of your change request, and answer your questions about the change. They will also send
you a new membership card that shows the name and/or phone number of your new PCP.
Section 2.2 Medical care you can get without a PCP referral
You can get the services listed below without getting approval in advance from your PCP.
• Routine women’s health care, including breast exams, screening mammograms (x‑rays of the
breast), Pap tests, and pelvic exams as long as you get them from a network provider.
• Behavioral health services as long as you get them from network providers. To access behavioral
health services, call the number on your member ID card.
• Flu shots, COVID‑19 vaccines, Hepatitis B vaccines, and pneumonia vaccines as long as you get
them from a network provider.
• Emergency services from network providers or from out‑of‑network providers.
• Urgently needed plan‑covered services are services that require immediate medical attention (but
not an emergency), if you’re either temporarily outside our plan’s service area, or if it’s unreasonable
given your time, place, and circumstances to get this service from network providers. Examples of
urgently needed services are unforeseen medical illnesses and injuries or unexpected flare‑ups of
existing conditions. Medically necessary routine provider visits (like annual checkups) aren’t
considered urgently needed even if you’re outside our plan’s service area or our plan network is
temporarily unavailable.
• Kidney dialysis services that you get at a Medicare‑certified dialysis facility when you’re temporarily
outside our plan’s service area. If possible, call Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users call
711) before you leave the service area so we can help arrange for you to have maintenance dialysis
while you’re away.
Section 2.3 How to get care from specialists and other network providers
A specialist is a doctor who provides health care services for a specific disease or part of the body. There
are many kinds of specialists. For example:
• Oncologists care for patients with cancer.
• Cardiologists care for patients with heart conditions.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS) 17
Chapter 3. Using our plan for your medical services
• Orthopedists care for patients with certain bone, joint, or muscle conditions.
What is the role of the PCP in referring members to specialists and other providers?
Your PCP will provide most of your care and will help arrange or coordinate the rest of the covered
services you get as a plan member. Your PCP may refer you to a specialist, but you can go to any
specialists in our network without a referral.
Prior authorization process
In some cases, your PCP, other provider, or you as the enrollee (member) of the plan, may need to get
approval in advance from our Medical Management Department for certain types of services or tests that
you receive in‑network (this is called getting “prior authorization”). Obtaining prior authorization is the
responsibility of the PCP, treating provider, or you as the member. Services and items requiring prior
authorization are listed in the Medical Benefits Chart in Chapter 4, Section 2.
When a specialist or another network provider leaves our plan
We may make changes to the hospitals, doctors, and specialists (providers) in our plan's network during
the year. If your doctor or specialist leaves our plan, you have these rights and protections:
• Even though our network of providers may change during the year, Medicare requires that you have
uninterrupted access to qualified doctors and specialists.
• We'll notify you that your provider is leaving our plan so that you have time to choose a new provider.
If your primary care or behavioral health provider leaves our plan, we'll notify you if you visited
○
that provider within the past 3 years.
If any of your other providers leave our plan, we'll notify you if you're assigned to the provider,
○
currently get care from them, or visited them within the past 3 months.
• We’ll help you choose a new qualified in‑network provider for continued care.
• If you're undergoing medical treatment or therapies with your current provider, you have the right to
ask to continue getting medically necessary treatment or therapies. We'll work with you so you can
continue to get care.
• We'll give you information about available enrollment periods and options you may have for
changing plans.
• When an in‑network provider or benefit is unavailable or inadequate to meet your medical needs,
we’ll arrange for any medically necessary covered benefit outside of our provider network at
in‑network cost sharing.
• If you find out your doctor or specialist is leaving your plan, contact us so we can help you choose a
new provider to manage your care.
• If you believe we haven't furnished you with a qualified provider to replace your previous provider or
that your care isn't being appropriately managed, you have the right to file a quality‑of‑care
complaint to the QIO, a quality‑of‑care grievance to our plan, or both (go to Chapter 7).
Section 2.4 How to get care from out‑of‑network providers
As a member of our plan, you must use network providers. If you receive unauthorized care from an
out‑of‑network provider, we may deny coverage and you will be responsible for the entire cost. Here are
four exceptions:
• The plan covers emergency care or urgently needed care that you get from an out‑of‑network
provider. For more information about this, and to see what emergency or urgently needed care
means, go to Section 3 in this chapter.
• If you need medical care that Medicare requires our plan to cover and the providers in our network
cannot provide this care, you can get this care from an out‑of‑network provider and you will pay the
same as you would pay if you got the care from a network provider. You should get prior
authorization from the plan prior to seeking care. Your PCP or other network provider will contact us

18 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS)
Chapter 3. Using our plan for your medical services
to obtain authorization for you to see an out‑of‑network provider.
• Kidney dialysis services that you get at a Medicare‑certified dialysis facility when you are
temporarily outside the plan’s service area.
• Because our plan has a Point‑of‑Service (POS) option, care you receive from an out‑of‑network
provider (a provider who is not part of our plan’s network) for certain services may be covered.
Please see the Medical Benefits Chart in Chapter 4 for the list of services that are covered under
your POS option and the costs when you get services from out‑of‑network providers. As a member
of this plan, you have the option to use out‑of‑network providers for non‑Medicare covered routine
dental services.
Out‑of‑network/non‑contracted providers are under no obligation to treat our plan members, except in
emergency situations. For a decision about whether we will cover an out‑of‑network service, we
encourage you or your provider to ask us for a pre‑service organization determination before you receive
the service. Please call our Member Services number or see your Evidence of Coverage for more
information, including the cost sharing that applies to out‑of‑network services.
Prior authorization is not required for covered services received out‑of‑network; however, if we later
determine that the services you received were not covered or were not medically necessary, we may deny
coverage and you will be responsible for the entire cost. You or your doctor may ask for a pre‑visit
coverage decision to confirm that the services you are getting are covered and are medically necessary
by calling Member Services.
You should ask the out‑of‑network provider to bill us first. If you have already paid for the covered services
or if the out‑of‑network provider sends you a bill that you think we should pay, please contact Member
Services or send us the bill. Go to Chapter 5 for information on how to ask us to pay you back or to pay a
bill you have received.
SECTION 3 How to get services in an emergency, disaster, or urgent need for care
Section 3.1 Get care if you have a medical emergency
A medical emergency is when you, or any other prudent layperson with an average knowledge of health
and medicine, believe that you have medical symptoms that require immediate medical attention to
prevent loss of life (and, if you’re a pregnant woman, loss of an unborn child), loss of a limb or function of a
limb, or loss of or serious impairment to a bodily function. The medical symptoms may be an illness, injury,
severe pain, or a medical condition that’s quickly getting worse.
If you have a medical emergency:
• Get help as quickly as possible. Call 911 for help or go to the nearest emergency room or hospital.
Call for an ambulance if you need it. You don’t need to get approval or a referral first from your PCP.
You don’t need to use a network doctor. You can get covered emergency medical care whenever
you need it, anywhere in the United States or its territories, and from any provider with an
appropriate state license even if they’re not part of our network.
• As soon as possible, make sure our plan has been told about your emergency. We need to follow
up on your emergency care. You or someone else should call to tell us about your emergency care,
usually within 48 hours. Please call Member Services (phone numbers are printed on your member
ID card).
Covered services in a medical emergency
Our plan covers worldwide services outside the United States under the following circumstances:

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS) 19
Chapter 3. Using our plan for your medical services
• Emergency care
• Urgently needed care
• Emergency ambulance transportation from the scene of an emergency to the nearest medical
treatment facility
Transportation back to the United States from another country is not covered. Pre‑scheduled and/or
elective procedures are not covered. See the Medical Benefits Chart in Chapter 4 for more information. Be
sure to get a copy of all your medical records from your emergency care or urgent care provider before
you leave; you may need them to file a claim or to help with claims processing. Without these records we
may not be able to pay your claim. You may have to pay the provider at the time of service and submit for
reimbursement. You will be reimbursed up to the annual maximum benefit amount less any applicable
copay or cost share.
Our plan covers ambulance services in situations where getting to the emergency room in any other way
could endanger your health. We also cover medical services during the emergency.
The doctors giving you emergency care will decide when your condition is stable and when the medical
emergency is over.
After the emergency is over, you’re entitled to follow‑up care to be sure your condition continues to be
stable. Your doctors will continue to treat you until your doctors contact us and make plans for additional
care. Your follow‑up care will be covered by our plan.
If your emergency care is provided by out‑of‑network providers, we'll try to arrange for network providers
to take over your care as soon as your medical condition and the circumstances allow.
What if it wasn’t a medical emergency?
Sometimes it can be hard to know if you have a medical emergency. For example, you might go in for
emergency care – thinking that your health is in serious danger – and the doctor may say that it wasn’t a
medical emergency after all. If it turns out that it wasn’t an emergency, as long as you reasonably thought
your health was in serious danger, we’ll cover your care.
However, after the doctor says it wasn’t an emergency, we'll cover additional care only if you get the
additional care in one of these 2 ways:
• You go to a network provider to get the additional care, or
• The additional care you get is considered urgently needed services and you follow the rules below
for getting this urgent care.
Section 3.2 Get care when you have an urgent need for services
A service that requires immediate medical attention (but isn’t an emergency) is an urgently needed
service if you’re either temporarily outside our plan’s service area, or if it’s unreasonable given your time,
place, and circumstances to get this service from network providers. Examples of urgently needed
services are unforeseen medical illnesses and injuries, or unexpected flare‑ups of existing conditions.
However, medically necessary routine provider visits, such as annual checkups, aren’t considered
urgently needed even if you’re outside our plan’s service area or our plan network is temporarily
unavailable.
If you need to locate an urgent care facility, you can find an in‑network urgent care center near you by
using the Provider Directory, going to our website at AetnaMedicare.com/findprovider, or getting help
from Member Services.

20 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS)
Chapter 3. Using our plan for your medical services
Our plan covers worldwide services outside the United States under the following circumstances:
• Emergency care
• Urgently needed care
• Emergency ambulance transportation from the scene of an emergency to the nearest medical
treatment facility
Transportation back to the United States from another country is not covered. Pre‑scheduled and/or
elective procedures are not covered. See the Medical Benefits Chart in Chapter 4 for more information. Be
sure to get a copy of all your medical records from your emergency care or urgent care provider before
you leave; you may need them to file a claim or to help with claims processing. Without these records we
may not be able to pay your claim. You may have to pay the provider at the time of service and submit for
reimbursement. You will be reimbursed up to the annual maximum benefit amount less any applicable
copay or cost share.
Section 3.3 Get care during a disaster
If the Governor of your state, the U.S. Secretary of Health and Human Services, or the President of the
United States declares a state of disaster or emergency in your geographic area, you’re still entitled to care
from our plan.
Visit AetnaMedicare.com for information on how to get needed care during a disaster.
If you can’t use a network provider during a disaster, our plan will allow you to get care from
out‑of‑network providers at in‑network cost sharing.
SECTION 4 What if you’re billed directly for the full cost of your covered services?
If you paid more than our plan cost sharing for covered services, or if you got a bill for the full cost of
covered medical services, you can ask us to pay our share of the cost of covered services. Go to Chapter 5
for information about what to do.
Section 4.1 If services aren’t covered by our plan, you must pay the full cost
Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO‑POS) covers all medically necessary services as listed in the Medical Benefits
Chart in Chapter 4. If you get services not covered by our plan or services obtained out‑of‑network and
were not authorized, you’re responsible for paying the full cost of services.
For covered services that have a benefit limitation, you also pay the full cost of any services you get after
you use up your benefit for that type of covered service. Any amounts you pay for services after a benefit
limit has been reached do not count toward your out‑of‑pocket maximum. You can call Member Services
when you want to know how much of your benefit limit you have already used.
SECTION 5 Medical services in a clinical research study
Section 5.1 What is a clinical research study
A clinical research study (also called a clinical trial) is a way that doctors and scientists test new types of
medical care, like how well a new cancer drug works. Certain clinical research studies are approved by
Medicare. Clinical research studies approved by Medicare typically ask for volunteers to participate in the
study. When you’re in a clinical research study, you can stay enrolled in our plan and continue to get the

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS) 21
Chapter 3. Using our plan for your medical services
rest of your care (care that’s not related to the study) through our plan.
If you participate in a Medicare‑approved study, Original Medicare pays most of the costs for
covered services you get as part of the study. If you tell us that you're in a qualified clinical trial, then
you're only responsible for the in‑network cost sharing for the services in that trial. If you paid more, for
example, if you already paid the Original Medicare cost‑sharing amount, we’ll reimburse the difference
between what you paid and the in‑network cost sharing. You’ll need to provide documentation to show us
how much you paid.
If you want to participate in any Medicare‑approved clinical research study, you don’t need to tell us or get
approval from us or your PCP. The providers that deliver your care as part of the clinical research study
don’t need to be part of our plan’s network. (This doesn’t apply to covered benefits that require a clinical
trial or registry to assess the benefit, including certain benefits requiring coverage with evidence
development (NCDs‑CED) and investigational device exemption (IDE) studies. These benefits may also be
subject to prior authorization and other plan rules.)
While you don’t need our plan’s permission to be in a clinical research study, we encourage you to notify
us in advance when you choose to participate in Medicare‑qualified clinical trials.
If you participate in a study not approved by Medicare, you’ll be responsible for paying all costs for your
participation in the study.
Section 5.2 Who pays for services in a clinical research study
Once you join a Medicare‑approved clinical research study, Original Medicare covers the routine items
and services you get as part of the study, including:
• Room and board for a hospital stay that Medicare would pay for even if you weren’t in a study.
• An operation or other medical procedure if it's part of the research study.
• Treatment of side effects and complications of the new care.
After Medicare pays its share of the cost for these services, our plan will pay the difference between the
cost sharing in Original Medicare and your in‑network cost sharing as a member of our plan. This means
you'll pay the same amount for services you get as part of the study as you would if you got these services
from our plan. However, you must to submit documentation showing how much cost sharing you paid. Go
to Chapter 5 for more information on submitting requests for payments.
Example of cost sharing in a clinical trial: Let’s say you have a lab test that costs $100 as part of the
research study. Your share of the costs for this test is $20 under Original Medicare, but the test
would be $10 under our plan. In this case, Original Medicare would pay $80 for the test, and you
would pay the $20 copay required under Original Medicare. You would notify our plan that you got a
qualified clinical trial service and submit documentation, (like a provider bill) to our plan. Our plan
would then directly pay you $10. This makes your net payment for the test $10, the same amount
you’d pay under our plan’s benefits.
When you’re in a clinical research study, neither Medicare nor our plan will pay for any of the following:
• Generally, Medicare won’t pay for the new item or service the study is testing unless Medicare would
cover the item or service even if you weren’t in a study.
• Items or services provided only to collect data, and not used in your direct health care. For example,
Medicare won’t pay for monthly CT scans done as part of a study if your medical condition would
normally require only one CT scan.
• Items and services provided by the research sponsors free‑of‑charge for people in the trial.

22 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS)
Chapter 3. Using our plan for your medical services
Get more information about joining a clinical research study
Get more information about joining a clinical research study in the Medicare publication Medicare and
Clinical Research Studies available at: www.medicare.gov/sites/default/files/2019-09/02226-
medicare-and-clinical-research-studies.pdf. You can also call 1‑800‑MEDICARE (1‑800‑633‑4227).
TTY users call 1‑877‑486‑2048.
SECTION 6 Rules for getting care in a religious non‑medical health care institution
Section 6.1 A religious non‑medical health care institution
A religious non‑medical health care institution is a facility that provides care for a condition that would
ordinarily be treated in a hospital or skilled nursing facility. If getting care in a hospital or a skilled nursing
facility is against a member’s religious beliefs, we’ll instead cover care in a religious non‑medical health
care institution. This benefit is provided only for Part A inpatient services (non‑medical health care
services).
Section 6.2 How to get care from a religious non‑medical health care institution
To get care from a religious non‑medical health care institution, you must sign a legal document that says
you’re conscientiously opposed to getting medical treatment that is non‑excepted.
• Non‑excepted medical care or treatment is any medical care or treatment that’s voluntary and not
required by any federal, state, or local law.
• Excepted medical treatment is medical care or treatment you get that’s not voluntary or is required
under federal, state, or local law.
To be covered by our plan, the care you get from a religious non‑medical health care institution must meet
the following conditions:
• The facility providing the care must be certified by Medicare.
• Our plan only covers non‑religious aspects of care.
• If you get services from this institution provided to you in a facility, the following conditions apply:
You must have a medical condition that would allow you to get covered services for inpatient
○
hospital care or skilled nursing facility care.
– and – you must get approval in advance from our plan before you’re admitted to the facility,
○
or your stay won’t be covered.
Medicare Inpatient Hospital coverage has unlimited additional days (see Medical Benefits Chart in Chapter
4).
SECTION 7 Rules for ownership of durable medical equipment
Section 7.1 You won’t own some durable medical equipment after making a certain number
of payments under our plan
Durable medical equipment (DME) includes items like oxygen equipment and supplies, wheelchairs,
walkers, powered mattress systems, crutches, diabetic supplies, speech generating devices, IV infusion
pumps, nebulizers, and hospital beds ordered by a provider for members to use in the home. The member
always owns some DME items, like prosthetics. Other types of DME you must rent.
As a member of Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO‑POS), we will transfer ownership of certain DME items. In
Original Medicare, there is a rental policy up to the purchase price for certain types of DME after making
copayments for the rental period. The rental period typically lasts between 10 to 13 months. Once the

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS) 23
Chapter 3. Using our plan for your medical services
purchase price is met, you can use the equipment as long as it is needed. Once it is no longer needed, the
issuing provider will need to pick it up.
Call Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users call 711) to find out about the requirements you must
meet and the documentation you will need to provide.
What happens to payments you made for durable medical equipment if you switch to Original
Medicare?
If you didn’t get ownership of the DME item while in our plan, you’ll have to make 13 new consecutive
payments after you switch to Original Medicare to own the DME item. The payments you made while
enrolled in our plan don’t count towards these 13 payments.
Example 1: You made 12 or fewer consecutive payments for the item in Original Medicare and then joined
our plan. The payments you made in Original Medicare don’t count. You’ll have to make 13 payments to
our plan before owning the item.
Example 2: You made 12 or fewer consecutive payments for the item in Original Medicare and then joined
our plan. You didn’t get ownership of the item while in our plan. You then go back to Original Medicare.
You’ll have to make 13 consecutive payments to own the item once you rejoin Original Medicare. Any
payments you already made (whether to our plan or to Original Medicare) don’t count.
Section 7.2 Rules for oxygen equipment, supplies, and maintenance
If you qualify for Medicare oxygen equipment coverage Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO‑POS) will cover:
• Rental of oxygen equipment
• Delivery of oxygen and oxygen contents
• Tubing and related oxygen accessories for the delivery of oxygen and oxygen contents
• Maintenance and repairs of oxygen equipment
If you leave Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO‑POS) or no longer medically require oxygen equipment, the
oxygen equipment must be returned.
What happens if you leave our plan and return to Original Medicare?
Original Medicare requires an oxygen supplier to provide you services for 5 years. During the first 36
months you rent the equipment. For the remaining 24 months the supplier provides the equipment and
maintenance (you're still responsible for the copayment for oxygen). After 5 years you can choose to stay
with the same company or go to another company. At this point, the 5‑year cycle starts over again, even if
you stay with the same company, and you’re again required to pay copayments for the first 36 months. If
you join or leave our plan, the 5‑year cycle starts over.

CHAPTER 4:
Medical Benefits Chart
(what's covered and what you pay)
SECTION 1 Understanding your out‑of‑pocket costs for covered services
The Medical Benefits Chart lists your covered services and shows how much you pay for each covered
service as a member of Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO‑POS). This section also gives information about
medical services that aren't covered and also explains limits on certain services.
Section 1.1 Out‑of‑pocket costs you may pay for covered services
Types of out‑of‑pocket costs you may pay for covered services include:
• Copayment: the fixed amount you pay each time you get certain medical services. You pay a
copayment at the time you get the medical service. (The Medical Benefits Chart tells you more about
your copayments.)
• Coinsurance: the percentage you pay of the total cost of certain medical services. You pay a
coinsurance at the time you get the medical service. (The Medical Benefits Chart tells you more
about your coinsurance.)
Most people who qualify for Medicaid or for the Qualified Medicare Beneficiary (QMB) program don’t pay
deductibles, copayments, or coinsurance. If you’re in one of these programs, be sure to show your proof of
Medicaid or QMB eligibility to your provider.
Section 1.2 What's the most you’ll pay for covered medical services?
Medicare Advantage Plans have limits on the total amount you have to pay out‑of‑pocket each year for
in‑network medical services covered by our plan. This limit is called the maximum out‑of‑pocket (MOOP)
amount for medical services. For calendar year 2026, the MOOP amount is $3,400.
The amounts you pay for copayments and coinsurance for in‑network covered services count toward this
maximum out‑of‑pocket amount. In addition, amounts you pay for some services don't count toward your
maximum out‑of‑pocket amount. These services are marked with an asterisk in the Medical Benefits
Chart. If you reach the maximum out‑of‑pocket amount of $3,400, you won’t have to pay any
out‑of‑pocket costs for the rest of the year for in‑network covered services. However, you must continue
to pay the Medicare Part B premium (unless your Part B premium is paid for you by Medicaid or another
third party).
Section 1.3 Providers aren’t allowed to balance bill you
As a member of Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO‑POS), you have an important protection because you only
have to pay your cost‑sharing amount when you get services covered by our plan. Providers can’t bill you
for additional separate charges, called balance billing. This protection applies even if we pay the provider
less than the provider charges for a service and even if there’s a dispute and we don’t pay certain provider
charges.
Here’s how protection from balance billing works:
• If your cost sharing is a copayment (a set amount of dollars, for example, $15.00), you pay only that
amount for any covered services from a network provider.
• If your cost sharing is a coinsurance (a percentage of the total charges), you never pay more than
that percentage. However, your cost depends on which type of provider you see:

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS) 25
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
If you get covered services from a network provider, you pay the coinsurance percentage
○
multiplied by our plan’s reimbursement rate (this is set in the contract between the provider
and our plan).
If you get covered services from an out‑of‑network provider who participates with Medicare,
○
you pay the coinsurance percentage multiplied by the Medicare payment rate for participating
providers.
If you get covered services from an out‑of‑network provider who doesn’t participate with
○
Medicare, then you pay the coinsurance percentage multiplied by the Medicare payment rate
for non‑participating providers.
• If you think a provider has balance billed you, call Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users
call 711).
SECTION 2 The Medical Benefits Chart shows your medical benefits and costs
The Medical Benefits Chart on the next pages lists the services Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO‑POS) covers
and what you pay out‑of‑pocket for each service. The services listed in the Medical Benefits Chart are
covered only when these requirements are met:
• Your Medicare‑covered services must be provided according to Medicare coverage guidelines.
• Your services (including medical care, services, supplies, equipment, and Part B drugs) must be
medically necessary. Medically necessary means that the services, supplies, or drugs are needed
for the prevention, diagnosis, or treatment of your medical condition and meet accepted standards
of medical practice.
• For new enrollees, your MA coordinated care plan must provide a minimum 90‑day transition
period, during which time the new MA plan may not require prior authorization for any active course
of treatment, even if the course of treatment was for a service that commenced with an
out‑of‑network provider.
• You get your care from a network provider. In most cases, care you get from an out‑of‑network
provider won’t be covered, unless it’s emergency or urgent care or unless our plan or a network
provider gave you a referral. This means you pay the provider in full for out‑of‑network services you
get.
• You have a primary care provider (a PCP) who is providing and overseeing your care.
• Some services listed in the Medical Benefits Chart are covered only if your doctor or other network
provider gets approval in advance (sometimes called prior authorization) from us. Covered services
that need approval in advance are marked by a note in the Medical Benefits Chart.
Other important things to know about our coverage:
• Like all Medicare health plans, we cover everything that Original Medicare covers. For some of these
benefits, you pay more in our plan than you would in Original Medicare. For others, you pay less. (To
learn more about the coverage and costs of Original Medicare, go to your Medicare & You 2026
handbook. View it online at Medicare.gov or ask for a copy by calling 1‑800‑MEDICARE
(1‑800‑633‑4227). TTY users call 1‑877‑486‑2048.)
• For preventive services covered at no cost under Original Medicare, we also cover those services at
no cost to you. However, if you’re also treated or monitored for an existing medical condition during
the visit when you get the preventive service, a copayment will apply for the care you got for the
existing medical condition.
• If Medicare adds coverage for any new services during 2026, either Medicare or our plan will cover
those services.

26 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
Important information regarding the services listed below in the Medical Benefits Chart:
If you receive services from: If your plan services include: You will pay:
A primary care provider (PCP) Copays only The highest single copay for all
or specialist and get more than services received.
one covered service during the
single visit: Copays and coinsurance The highest single copay for all
services and the coinsurance
A clinic visit cost share may apply amounts for each service.
based on the role of the attending
Coinsurance only The coinsurance amounts for all
provider (PCP or specialist).
services received.
If you receive services from: If your plan services include: You will pay:
An outpatient facility and get Copays only The highest single copay for all
more than one covered service services received.
during the single visit:
Copays and coinsurance The highest single copay for all
services and the coinsurance
amounts for each service.
Coinsurance only The coinsurance amounts for all
services received.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS) 27
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
This apple shows preventive services in the Medical Benefits Chart.
Medical Benefits Chart
Covered Service What you pay
There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
Abdominal aortic aneurysm screening
deductible for members eligible for this
A one‑time screening ultrasound for people at risk. Our plan
preventive screening.
only covers this screening if you have certain risk factors and if
you get a referral for it from your physician, physician assistant,
nurse practitioner, or clinical nurse specialist.
Acupuncture for chronic low back pain $20 copay for each Medicare‑covered
Covered services include: acupuncture visit.
Up to 12 visits in 90 days are covered under the following $20 copay for each additional
circumstances: non‑Medicare covered acupuncture
visit.
For the purpose of this benefit, chronic low back pain is defined
as:
• lasting 12 weeks or longer;
• nonspecific, in that it has no identifiable systemic cause
(i.e., not associated with metastatic, inflammatory,
infectious disease, etc.);
• not associated with surgery; and
• not associated with pregnancy.
An additional 8 sessions will be covered for patients
demonstrating an improvement. No more than 20 acupuncture
treatments may be administered annually.
Treatment must be discontinued if the patient is not improving
or is regressing.
Provider Requirements:
Physicians (as defined in 1861(r)(1) of the Social Security Act (the
Act)) may furnish acupuncture in accordance with applicable
state requirements.
Physician assistants (PAs), nurse practitioners (NPs)/clinical
nurse specialists (CNSs) (as identified in 1861(aa)(5) of the Act),
and auxiliary personnel may furnish acupuncture if they meet all
applicable state requirements and have:
• a master's or doctoral level degree in acupuncture or
Oriental Medicine from a school accredited by the
Accreditation Commission on Acupuncture and Oriental
Medicine (ACAOM); and,
• a current, full, active, and unrestricted license to practice
acupuncture in a State, Territory, or Commonwealth (i.e.,
Puerto Rico) of the United States, or District of Columbia.
This benefit is continued on the next page.

28 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
Covered Service What you pay
Acupuncture for chronic low back pain (continued)
Auxiliary personnel furnishing acupuncture must be under the
appropriate level of supervision of a physician, PA, or NP/CNS
required by our regulations at 42 CFR §§ 410.26 and 410.27.
In addition to Medicare‑covered benefits, we also offer:
• Acupuncture services to treat conditions in addition to
chronic lower back pain: up to twelve visits every year
Covered services must be performed by a licensed
acupuncturist.
An in‑network provider must determine medical necessity for
covered services. To locate a network provider, you may
contact Member Services at the phone number on your
member ID card or visit our online directory at aet.na/search. If
you choose to use a provider outside of the network, the
services you receive will not be covered.
Aetna® Medicare Extra Benefits Card There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
You get an Aetna Medicare Extra Benefits Card to help pay for deductible for the Aetna Medicare Extra
certain everyday expenses. Benefits Card.
On this card you get:
A CVS Over‑the‑Counter (OTC) Wallet with a quarterly benefit
amount (allowance). See the CVS Over‑the‑Counter (OTC)
Wallet section in Chapter 4 for more details.
A Medical Expense Wallet with a quarterly benefit amount
(allowance). See the Medical Expense Wallet section in Chapter
4 for more details.
Important:
• The Aetna Medicare Extra Benefits Card does not replace
your member ID card.
• If you received an Extra Benefits Card in 2025 and have
not changed plans, you will not receive a new card for the
2026 plan year. Be sure to keep your card.
• If you are a new member or were not enrolled in a plan
with an Extra Benefits Card in 2025, you will receive a new
card in the mail. You should receive the card before your
plan starts. It will include instructions on how to activate
and use the card.
• If you change plans, you may receive a new card. Hold
onto your current card and do not throw it away unless
you get a new card.
This benefit is continued on the next page.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS) 29
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
Covered Service What you pay
Aetna® Medicare Extra Benefits Card (continued)
• It is your responsibility to ensure that Aetna has the most
up‑to‑date mailing address on file. This includes your
apartment number, if applicable. Aetna is not responsible
for misdirected, lost, or undelivered mail.
• Keep your card safe and secure. Aetna is not responsible
for unused funds due to lost or stolen cards. If you need a
replacement card, please call 1‑844‑428‑8147 (TTY: 711)
to request a new card. In the meantime, you can access
certain benefits by visiting CVS.com/Aetna.
• The card can only be used at participating retailers and at
eligible provider offices that accept Visa®. Find a
participating retailer by visiting CVS.com/Aetna.
• The card cannot be used to pay for prescription drugs or
products such as alcohol, tobacco, cannabis, firearms,
and gift cards.
• The card can only be used to pay for products and
services incurred while enrolled in the plan.
• Aetna is not responsible for unused funds due to personal
circumstances in which you cannot use your benefit
amount (e.g., hospital stay, travel, etc.).
• Unused funds will be forfeited. There will be no exceptions
to apply unused funds due to a lost or stolen card,
personal circumstances, or failure to provide your
accurate mailing address to Aetna.
For more information you can call 1‑844‑428‑8147 (TTY: 711) 7
days a week, 8 AM ‑ 8 PM local time excluding federal holidays
or visit CVS.com/Aetna.
Ambulance services $350 copay for each Medicare‑covered
Covered ambulance services, whether for an emergency or one‑way trip via ground ambulance.
non‑emergency situation, include fixed wing, rotary wing, and
ground ambulance services, to the nearest appropriate facility 20% coinsurance for each
that can provide care if they’re furnished to a member whose Medicare‑covered one‑way trip via air
medical condition is such that other means of transportation ambulance.
could endanger the person’s health or if authorized by our plan.
If the covered ambulance services aren't for an emergency Ground or air ambulance cost sharing is
situation, it should be documented that the member’s condition not waived if you are admitted to the
is such that other means of transportation could endanger the hospital.
person’s health and that transportation by ambulance is
medically required.
Prior authorization is required for all non‑emergency
transportation, including fixed wing, rotary wing, and ground
ambulance services.
Annual routine physical $0 copay for an annual routine physical
The annual routine physical is an extensive physical exam exam.
including a medical history collection and it may also include
any of the following: vital signs, observation of general
appearance, a head and neck exam, a heart and lung exam, an
This benefit is continued on the next page.

30 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
Covered Service What you pay
Annual routine physical (continued)
abdominal exam, a neurological exam, a dermatological exam,
and an extremities exam.
Coverage for this non‑Medicare covered benefit is in addition to
the Medicare‑covered annual wellness visit and the Welcome to
Medicare preventive visit. You may schedule your annual
routine physical once each calendar year.
Preventive labs, screenings, and/or diagnostic tests received
during this visit are subject to your lab and diagnostic test
coverage. (See Outpatient diagnostic tests and therapeutic
services and supplies for more information.)
There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
Annual wellness visit
deductible for the annual wellness visit.
If you’ve had Part B for longer than 12 months, you can get an
annual wellness visit to develop or update a personalized
prevention plan based on your current health and risk factors.
Our plan will cover the annual wellness visit once each calendar
year.
Note: Your first annual wellness visit can’t take place within 12
months of your Welcome to Medicare preventive visit. However,
you don’t need to have had a Welcome to Medicare visit to be
covered for annual wellness visits after you’ve had Part B for 12
months.
There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
Bone mass measurement
deductible for Medicare‑covered bone
For qualified people (generally, this means people at risk of
mass measurement.
losing bone mass or at risk of osteoporosis), the following
services are covered every 24 months or more frequently if
medically necessary: procedures to identify bone mass, detect
bone loss, or determine bone quality, including a physician’s
interpretation of the results.
There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
Breast cancer screening (mammograms)
deductible for covered screening
Covered services include:
mammograms.
• One baseline mammogram between the ages of 35 and
$0 copay for each diagnostic
39
mammogram.
• One screening mammogram each calendar year for
women aged 40 and older
• Clinical breast exams once every 24 months
Prior authorization may be required and is the responsibility
of your provider.
Cardiac rehabilitation services $5 copay for each Medicare‑covered
Comprehensive programs of cardiac rehabilitation services that cardiac rehabilitation service.
include exercise, education, and counseling are covered for
members who meet certain conditions with a doctor’s order. $5 copay for each Medicare‑covered
intensive cardiac rehabilitation service.
Our plan also covers intensive cardiac rehabilitation programs
that are typically more rigorous or more intense than cardiac
rehabilitation programs.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS) 31
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
Covered Service What you pay
There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
Cardiovascular disease risk reduction visit (therapy for
deductible for the intensive behavioral
cardiovascular disease)
therapy cardiovascular disease
We cover one visit per year with your primary care doctor to
preventive benefit.
help lower your risk for cardiovascular disease. During this visit,
your doctor may discuss aspirin use (if appropriate), check your
blood pressure, and give you tips to make sure you’re eating
healthy.
There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
Cardiovascular disease screening tests
deductible for cardiovascular disease
Blood tests for the detection of cardiovascular disease (or
testing that is covered once every 5
abnormalities associated with an elevated risk of cardiovascular
years.
disease) once every 5 years (60 months).
There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
Cervical and vaginal cancer screening
deductible for Medicare‑covered
Covered services include:
preventive Pap and pelvic exams.
• For all women: Pap tests and pelvic exams are covered
once every 24 months
• If you're at high risk of cervical or vaginal cancer or you're
of childbearing age and have had an abnormal Pap test
within the past 3 years: one Pap test every 12 months
Chiropractic services $20 copay for each Medicare‑covered
Covered services include: chiropractic visit.
• We cover only manual manipulation of the spine to
correct subluxation
Chronic pain management and treatment services Cost sharing for this service will vary
Covered monthly services for people living with chronic pain depending on individual services
(persistent or recurring pain lasting longer than 3 months). provided under the course of the
Services may include pain assessment, medication treatment.
management, and care coordination and planning.
Prior authorization may be required and is the responsibility
of your provider.
There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
Colorectal cancer screening
deductible for a Medicare‑covered
The following screening tests are covered:
colorectal cancer screening exam. This
is also known as a preventive
• Colonoscopy has no minimum or maximum age limitation
colonoscopy.
and is covered once every 120 months (10 years) for
patients not at high risk, or 48 months after a previous
Diagnostic colonoscopy: $0 copay
flexible sigmoidoscopy for patients who aren't at high risk
for colorectal cancer, and once every 24 months for high
Note: If a polyp is removed or a biopsy is
risk patients after a previous screening colonoscopy.
performed during a Medicare‑covered
• Computed tomography colonography for patients 45 year
screening or diagnostic colonoscopy,
and older who are not at high risk of colorectal cancer and
the polyp removal and associated
is covered when at least 59 months have passed following
pathology will be covered at $0 copay.
the month in which the last screening computed
tomography colonography was performed or 47 months
This benefit is continued on the next page.

32 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
Covered Service What you pay
Colorectal cancer screening (continued)
have passed following the month in which the last
screening flexible sigmoidoscopy or screening
colonoscopy was performed. For patients at high risk for
colorectal cancer, payment may be made for a screening
computed tomography colonography performed after at
least 23 months have passed following the month in
which the last screening computed tomography
colonography or the last screening colonoscopy was
performed.
• Flexible sigmoidoscopy for patients 45 years and older.
Once every 120 months for patients not at high‑risk after
the patient received a screening colonoscopy. Once every
48 months for high risk patients from the last flexible
sigmoidoscopy or computed tomography colonography.
• Screening fecal‑occult blood tests for patients 45 years
and older. Twice per calendar year.
• Screening Guaiac‑based fecal occult blood test for
patients 45 years and older. Twice per calendar year.
• Multitarget stool DNA for patients 45 to 85 years of age
and not meeting high risk criteria. Once every 3 years.
• Blood‑based Biomarker Tests for patients 45 to 85 years
of age and not meeting high risk criteria. Once every 3
years.
• Colorectal cancer screening tests include a follow‑on
screening colonoscopy after a Medicare covered
non‑invasive stool‑based colorectal cancer screening test
returns a positive result.
• Colorectal cancer screening tests include a planned
screening flexible sigmoidoscopy or screening
colonoscopy that involves the removal of tissue or other
matter, or other procedure furnished in connection with,
as a result of, and in the same clinical encounter as the
screening test.
CVS Over‑the‑Counter (OTC) Wallet There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
You get a CVS Over‑the‑Counter (OTC) Wallet with a $120 deductible for the CVS
quarterly benefit amount (allowance) on the Aetna® Medicare Over‑the‑Counter (OTC) Wallet.
Extra Benefits Card to pay for:
• Approved over‑the‑counter (OTC) health and wellness
products including allergy medicine, pain relievers, first
aid supplies, and more. This benefit includes certain
nicotine replacement therapies.
• The allowance can only be used to purchase approved
OTC products in‑store at CVS® retail locations (excluding
locations inside other stores) and online at
CVS.com/Aetna or by phone at 1‑844‑428‑8147 (TTY:
711).
This benefit is continued on the next page.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS) 33
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
Covered Service What you pay
CVS Over‑the‑Counter (OTC) Wallet (continued)
Your quarterly benefit amount will be available on the Aetna
Medicare Extra Benefits Card the first day of each calendar
quarter. Calendar quarters begin in January, April, July, and
October. Be sure to use the full benefit amount each quarter,
because any unused benefit amount will not roll over into the
next quarter nor will it roll over into the next plan year. There are
no exceptions to request additional or unused funds to be
added to your card.
Important: All products and services are subject to tax
(depending on your state). Your card balance will be used to
cover taxes. If there are not enough funds on your card to cover
the taxes, they will be your responsibility to cover. For more
information on the Aetna Medicare Extra Benefits Card, see the
Aetna Medicare Extra Benefits Card section in Chapter 4.
Dental services $35 copay for each Medicare‑covered
In general, preventive dental services (such as cleanings, dental service.
routine dental exams, and dental x‑rays) aren't covered by
Original Medicare. However, Medicare pays for dental services Preventive dental services
in a limited number of circumstances, specifically when that (non‑Medicare covered): For details on
service is an integral part of specific treatment of a person’s cost‑sharing for covered preventive
primary medical condition. Examples include reconstruction of services, see the dental schedule.
the jaw after a fracture or injury, tooth extractions done in
preparation for radiation treatment for cancer involving the jaw, Comprehensive dental services
or oral exams prior to organ transplantation. (non‑Medicare covered): For details on
cost‑sharing for covered comprehensive
In addition, we cover the following non‑Medicare covered services, see the dental schedule.
benefits:
What you must pay when you get these
Preventive dental services (non‑Medicare covered): For a list services out‑of‑network:
of covered preventive services, see the dental schedule.
Preventive dental services
Comprehensive dental services (non‑Medicare covered): For (non‑Medicare covered): For details on
a list of covered comprehensive services, see the dental cost‑sharing for covered preventive
schedule. services, see the dental schedule.
You get an annual benefit amount (allowance) of $3,500 for Comprehensive dental services
covered preventive dental services and comprehensive dental (non‑Medicare covered): For details on
services combined. Covered services will be paid to the cost‑sharing for covered comprehensive
provider up to the annual benefit amount (allowance). If you services, see the dental schedule.
exceed the benefit amount for covered services, you will be
responsible for those costs and will not be reimbursed.
This dental benefit offers both in‑network and out‑of‑network
dental coverage. Out‑of‑network dentists are not required to
accept the plan’s payment as payment in full for covered
services. Out‑of‑network claims are reimbursed up to the plan’s
allowable amount for each covered service. That means your
plan will pay its portion for covered services. If your
out‑of‑network provider charges over the allowable amount for
a covered service, you may receive a bill and you will be
This benefit is continued on the next page.

34 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
Covered Service What you pay
Dental services (continued)
responsible for payment of that bill.
For the lowest potential out‑of‑pocket costs on covered dental
services, see a provider in our dental network. Dental services
you receive from an out‑of‑network provider are subject to any
in‑network benefit maximums, limitations and/or exclusions
that may apply.
See dental schedule for more details. To find a provider in the
dental network, visit AetnaMedicare.com/H2663-022 or call
the Member Services number on your member ID card. Note:
Your dental network is different than your medical network.
*Amounts you pay for preventive dental services do not apply to
your maximum out‑of‑pocket amount.
*Amounts you pay for comprehensive dental services do not
apply to your maximum out‑of‑pocket amount.
There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
Depression screening
deductible for an annual depression
We cover one screening for depression per year. The screening
screening visit.
must be done in a primary care setting that can provide
follow‑up treatment and/or referrals.
There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
Diabetes screening
deductible for the Medicare‑covered
We cover this screening (includes fasting glucose tests) if you
diabetes screening tests.
have any of these risk factors: high blood pressure
(hypertension), history of abnormal cholesterol and triglyceride
levels (dyslipidemia), obesity, or a history of high blood sugar
(glucose). Tests may also be covered if you meet other
requirements, like being overweight and having a family history
of diabetes.
You may be eligible for up to 2 diabetes screenings every 12
months following the date of your most recent diabetes
screening test.
0% ‑ 20% coinsurance for each
Diabetes self‑management training, diabetic services and
Medicare‑covered supply.
supplies
For all people who have diabetes (insulin and non‑insulin users).
• 0% coinsurance for
Covered services include:
Accu‑Chek/Roche and TRUE/Trividia
blood glucose meters, and medical
• Supplies to monitor your blood glucose: blood glucose
diabetic supplies.
monitor, blood glucose test strips, lancet devices and
• 20% coinsurance for blood glucose
lancets, and glucose‑control solutions for checking the
meters and supplies manufactured
accuracy of test strips and monitors.
by providers other than
• For people with diabetes who have severe diabetic foot
Accu‑Chek/Roche and TRUE/Trividia
disease: one pair per calendar year of therapeutic
with an approved prior authorization.
custom‑molded shoes (including inserts provided with
such shoes) and 2 additional pairs of inserts, or one pair of
depth shoes and 3 pairs of inserts (not including the
non‑customized removable inserts provided with such
This benefit is continued on the next page.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS) 35
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
Covered Service What you pay
Diabetes self‑management training, diabetic services and
supplies (continued)
20% coinsurance for Medicare‑covered
shoes). Coverage includes fitting. diabetic shoes and inserts.
• Diabetes self‑management training is covered under
certain conditions. $0 copay for Medicare‑covered
diabetes self‑management training.
Important Blood Glucose Meter (BGM) Information:
We exclusively cover blood glucose meters and test strips
manufactured and distributed by Roche/Accu‑Chek and
TRUE/Trividia meters currently available. Meters and test strips
produced by other manufacturers may be covered if medically
necessary, such as large font or talking meters for the visually
impaired. Medical exceptions for the visually impaired may be
covered with an approved prior authorization.
• Medical diabetic supplies; blood glucose meters, lancets
and control solutions are covered under your medical
coverage.
• Prior authorizations are required for more than one blood
glucose meter per year and/or test strips in excess of 100
strips for a one‑month supply and may be required for
diabetic shoes and inserts. Prior authorization is the
responsibility of your provider.
Durable medical equipment (DME) and related supplies 0% ‑ 20% coinsurance for each
(For a definition of durable medical equipment, go to Chapter 10 Medicare‑covered durable medical
and Chapter 3.) equipment (DME) item.
Covered items include, but aren't limited to: wheelchairs, • 0% coinsurance for continuous
crutches, powered mattress systems, diabetic supplies, hospital glucose monitors.
beds ordered by a provider for use in the home, IV infusion • 20% coinsurance for all other
pumps, speech generating devices, oxygen equipment, Medicare‑covered DME items.
nebulizers, and walkers.
We cover all medically necessary DME covered by Original
Medicare. Your provider must provide a prescription for
covered DME and obtain prior authorization if required.
In Original Medicare, there is a rental policy up to the purchase
price for certain types of DME after making copayments for the
rental period. The rental period typically lasts between 10 to 13
months. Once the purchase price is met, you can use the
equipment as long as it is needed. Once it is no longer needed,
the issuing provider will need to pick it up. Under certain limited
circumstances we will transfer ownership of the DME item to
you.
The most recent list of network DME pharmacies and suppliers
is available on our website at AetnaMedicare.com/dme.
This benefit is continued on the next page.

36 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
Covered Service What you pay
Durable medical equipment (DME) and related supplies
(continued)
Continuous glucose monitors (CGMs) and supplies are available
through network DME providers. For a list of DME providers,
visit
Aetna.com/dsepublicContent/assets/pdf/en/DME_National
_Provider_Listing.pdf.
Dexcom and FreeStyle Libre continuous glucose monitors and
sensors are available without a prior authorization at network
pharmacies with a history of insulin usage in the past 6 months.
For those not using insulin as part of their treatment plan, prior
authorization will be required for monitors and sensors. Prior
authorization for monitors and sensors may apply as well as
exception requests if exceeding quantity limits that align to
Medicare coverage guidance.
Prior authorization may be required and is the responsibility
of your provider.
Emergency care $150 copay for emergency care. Cost
Emergency care refers to services that are: sharing is waived if you are admitted to
the hospital within 24 hours.
• Furnished by a provider qualified to furnish emergency
services, and $150 copay for emergency care
• Needed to evaluate or stabilize an emergency medical worldwide (i.e., outside the United
condition. States). Cost sharing is waived if you are
admitted to the hospital.
A medical emergency is when you, or any other prudent
layperson with an average knowledge of health and medicine, $350 copay for one‑way emergency
believe that you have medical symptoms that require ambulance services worldwide (i.e.,
immediate medical attention to prevent loss of life (and, if you're outside the United States). Cost sharing
a pregnant woman, loss of an unborn child), loss of a limb, or is not waived if you are admitted to the
loss of function of a limb. The medical symptoms may be an hospital.
illness, injury, severe pain, or a medical condition that's quickly
getting worse. If you get emergency care at an
out‑of‑network hospital and need
Cost sharing for necessary emergency services you get inpatient care after your emergency
out‑of‑network is the same as when you get these services condition is stabilized, you must move to
in‑network. a network hospital for your care to
continue to be covered OR you must
In addition to Medicare‑covered benefits, we also offer: have your inpatient care at the
out‑of‑network hospital authorized by
• Emergency care (worldwide) our plan and your cost is the cost
• Emergency ambulance services (worldwide) sharing you would pay at a network
hospital.
$250,000 annual maximum benefit for worldwide emergency,
emergency ambulance, and urgently needed care.
You may have to pay the provider at the time of service and
submit for reimbursement. You will be reimbursed up to the
annual maximum benefit amount less any applicable copay or
cost share.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS) 37
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
Covered Service What you pay
Fitness: Annual fitness membership $0 copay for basic health club
You are covered for a basic membership to any SilverSneakers® membership/fitness classes at
participating fitness facility. If you do not reside near a participating SilverSneakers locations.
participating facility, or prefer to exercise at home, online
classes and at‑home fitness kits are available. You may order
one fitness kit per year through SilverSneakers.
Included with your basic SilverSneakers membership, you will
also have access to online enrichment classes to support your
health and wellness, as well as your mental fitness. Health and
wellness classes include, but are not limited to: cooking, food &
nutrition, and mindfulness. Mental fitness classes include, but
are not limited to: new skills, organization, self‑help, and staying
connected. These classes can be accessed online by visiting
SilverSneakers.com.
To get started, you will need your SilverSneakers ID number.
Please visit SilverSneakers.com or call SilverSneakers at
1‑855‑627‑3795 (TTY: 711) to obtain this ID number. Then,
bring this ID number with you when you visit a participating
fitness facility. Information about participating facilities can be
found by using the SilverSneakers website or by calling
SilverSneakers.
Important: You get a basic membership at any participating
SilverSneakers location. Facility amenities may vary by
participating location including but not limited to hours, days
and class types.
$0 copay for 24‑Hour Nurse Line
Health and wellness education programs
benefit.
24‑Hour Nurse Line: You can talk to a registered nurse 24
hours a day, 7 days a week on the 24/7 Nurse Line. They can
$0 copay for health education.
help with health‑related questions when your doctor is not
available. Call 1‑855‑493‑7019 (TTY: 711). The registered nurse
staff cannot diagnose, prescribe or give medical advice. If you
need urgent or emergency care, call 911 and/or your doctor
immediately.
* While only your doctor can diagnose, prescribe or give
medical advice, the 24‑Hour Nurse Line can provide information
on a variety of health topics.
Health education: You can meet with a certified health
educator or other qualified health professional to learn about
health and wellness topics like: diabetes management, nutrition
counseling, asthma education, and more. You have the option
to meet one‑on‑one, in a group, or virtually. Ask your provider
for information on how these services may help you.

38 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
Covered Service What you pay
Hearing services $35 copay for each Medicare‑covered
Diagnostic hearing and balance evaluations performed by your hearing exam.
provider to determine if you need medical treatment are
covered as outpatient care when you get them from a $0 copay for each non‑Medicare
physician, audiologist, or other qualified provider. covered routine hearing exam.
In addition to Medicare‑covered benefits, we also offer: $0 copay for each non‑Medicare
covered hearing aid fitting/evaluation.
• Routine hearing exams: one exam every year
• Hearing aid fitting/evaluation: one hearing aid Hearing aids:
fitting/evaluation every year $0 copay per ear, per year (two hearing
• Hearing aids: You get an annual benefit amount aids every year).
(allowance) of $1,250 per ear, every year. This benefit
amount can only be used to purchase hearing aids
through a NationsHearing® network provider. If the cost is
over the benefit amount, you pay the difference.
Routine hearing exam and hearing aids:
We have teamed up with NationsHearing to provide your
hearing exam and hearing aids. You must see a provider in the
NationsHearing network for your hearing exam and hearing
aids to be covered. Your hearing aid benefit amount can only be
used to purchase hearing aids through a NationsHearing
network provider. The benefit amount is applied to the hearing
aids at the time of purchase. If the cost is more than the benefit
amount, you pay the difference. You can schedule your hearing
exam or hearing aid appointment with a NationsHearing
provider by calling 1‑877‑225‑0137 (TTY: 711). Representatives
are available 8:00 am to 8:00 pm local time, 7 days a week, with
the exception of holidays.
*Amounts you pay for hearing aids do not apply to your
maximum out‑of‑pocket amount.
There's no coinsurance, copayment, or
HIV screening
deductible for members eligible for
For people who ask for an HIV screening test or are at increased
Medicare‑covered preventive HIV
risk for HIV infection, we cover:
screening.
• One screening exam every 12 months
If you are pregnant, we cover:
• Up to 3 screening exams during a pregnancy
Home health agency care $0 copay for each Medicare‑covered
Before you get home health services, a doctor must certify that home health service.
you need home health services and will order home health
services to be provided by a home health agency. You must be 0% ‑ 20% coinsurance for each
homebound, which means leaving home is a major effort. Medicare‑covered durable medical
equipment (DME) item.
Covered services include, but aren't limited to:
This benefit is continued on the next page.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS) 39
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
Covered Service What you pay
Home health agency care (continued)
• Part‑time or intermittent skilled nursing and home health • 0% coinsurance for continuous
aide services (to be covered under the home health care glucose monitors.
benefit, your skilled nursing and home health aide • 20% coinsurance for all other
services combined must total fewer than 8 hours per day Medicare‑covered DME items.
and 35 hours per week.)
• Physical therapy, occupational therapy, and speech
therapy
• Medical and social services
• Medical equipment and supplies
Prior authorization may be required and is the responsibility
of your provider.
Home infusion therapy You will pay the cost sharing that applies
Home infusion therapy involves the intravenous or to primary care provider services,
subcutaneous administration of drugs or biologicals to a person specialist physician services (including
at home. The components needed to perform home infusion certified home infusion providers), or
include the drug (for example, antivirals, immune globulin), home health services depending on
equipment (for example, a pump), and supplies (for example, where you received administration or
tubing and catheters). monitoring services. (See
Physician/Practitioner services,
Prior to receiving home infusion services, they must be ordered including doctor’s office visits or
by a doctor and included in your care plan. Home health agency care for any
applicable cost sharing.)
Covered services include, but aren't limited to:
Note: Home infusion drugs, pumps, and
• Professional services, including nursing services, devices provided during a home infusion
furnished in accordance with our plan of care therapy visit are covered separately
• Patient training and education not otherwise covered under your Durable medical equipment
under the durable medical equipment benefit (DME) and related supplies benefit.
• Remote monitoring
• Monitoring services for the provision of home infusion
therapy and home infusion drugs furnished by a qualified
home infusion therapy supplier
Hospice care When you enroll in a Medicare‑certified
You're eligible for the hospice benefit when your doctor and the hospice program, your hospice services
hospice medical director have given you a terminal prognosis and your Part A and Part B services
certifying that you’re terminally ill and have 6 months or less to related to your terminal prognosis are
live if your illness runs its normal course. You can get care from paid for by Original Medicare, not Aetna
any Medicare‑certified hospice program. Our plan is obligated Medicare Eagle (HMO‑POS).
to help you find Medicare‑certified hospice programs in our
plan's service area, including programs we own, control, or have Hospice consultations are included as
a financial interest in. Your hospice doctor can be a network part of inpatient hospital care.
provider or an out‑of‑network provider.
Physician service cost sharing may
Covered services include: apply for outpatient consultations.
• Drugs for symptom control and pain relief
This benefit is continued on the next page.

40 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
Covered Service What you pay
Hospice care (continued)
• Short‑term respite care
• Home care
When you're admitted to a hospice you have the right to stay in
our plan; if you stay in our plan you must continue to pay plan
premiums.
For hospice services and services covered by Medicare Part
A or B that are related to your terminal prognosis: Original
Medicare (rather than our plan) will pay your hospice provider
for your hospice services and any Part A and Part B services
related to your terminal prognosis. While you're in the hospice
program, your hospice provider will bill Original Medicare for
the services Original Medicare pays for. You'll be billed Original
Medicare cost sharing.
For services covered by Medicare Part A or B not related to
your terminal prognosis: If you need non‑emergency,
non‑urgently needed services covered under Medicare Part A
or B that aren't related to your terminal prognosis, your cost for
these services depends on whether you use a provider in our
plan’s network and follow plan rules (like if there's a
requirement to get prior authorization).
• If you get the covered services from a network provider
and follow plan rules for getting service, you pay only our
plan cost‑sharing amount for in‑network services
• If you get the covered services from an out‑of‑network
provider, you pay the cost‑sharing under Original
Medicare.
For services that are covered by Aetna Medicare Eagle
(HMO‑POS) but not covered by Medicare Part A or B: Aetna
Medicare Eagle (HMO‑POS) will continue to cover plan‑covered
services that aren't covered under Part A or Part B whether or
not they're related to your terminal prognosis. You pay our plan
cost‑sharing amount for these services.
Note: If you need non‑hospice care (care that is not related to
your terminal prognosis), you should contact us to arrange the
services.
Our plan covers hospice consultation services (one time only)
for a terminally ill person who hasn’t elected the hospice
benefit.
There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
Immunizations
deductible for the pneumonia,
Covered Medicare Part B services include:
flu/influenza, Hepatitis B, and COVID‑19
vaccines.
This benefit is continued on the next page.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS) 41
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
Covered Service What you pay
Immunizations (continued)
• Pneumonia vaccines 0% ‑ 20% coinsurance for all other
• Flu/influenza shots (or vaccines), once each flu/influenza vaccines covered under Medicare Part
season in the fall and winter, with additional flu/influenza B.
shots (or vaccines) if medically necessary
• Hepatitis B vaccines if you're at high or intermediate risk • Cost sharing shown is the
of getting Hepatitis B maximum you will pay for Part B
• COVID‑19 vaccines prescription drugs. You may pay
less for certain drugs.
• Other vaccines if you're at risk and they meet Medicare
Part B coverage rules
Inpatient hospital care $395 per day, days 1‑6; $0 per day, days
Includes inpatient acute, inpatient rehabilitation, long‑term care 7‑90; $0 copay for additional days for
hospitals and other types of inpatient hospital services. Inpatient each medically necessary covered
hospital care starts the day you're formally admitted to the inpatient stay. Cost sharing is charged
hospital with a doctor’s order. The day before you're discharged for each medically necessary covered
is your last inpatient day. inpatient stay.
Days covered: There is no limit to the number of days covered Your inpatient benefits will begin on day
by our plan. Cost sharing is not charged on the day of one each time you are admitted within
discharge. or to a specific facility type. A transfer
within or to a facility including Inpatient
Covered services include but aren't limited to: Rehabilitation facilities, Long‑Term
Acute Care (LTAC) facilities, Inpatient
• Semi‑private room (or a private room if medically Acute Care facilities, and Inpatient
necessary) Psychiatric facilities, is considered a new
• Meals including special diets admission.
• Regular nursing services
If you get authorized inpatient care at an
• Costs of special care units (such as intensive care or
out‑of‑network hospital after your
coronary care units)
emergency condition is stabilized, your
• Drugs and medications
cost is the cost sharing you'd pay at a
• Lab tests
network hospital.
• X‑rays and other radiology services
• Necessary surgical and medical supplies
• Use of appliances, such as wheelchairs
• Operating and recovery room costs
• Physical, occupational, and speech language therapy
• Inpatient substance abuse services
• Under certain conditions, the following types of
transplants are covered: corneal, kidney,
kidney‑pancreatic, heart, liver, lung, heart/lung, bone
marrow, stem cell, and intestinal/multivisceral. If you
need a transplant, we'll arrange to have your case
reviewed by a Medicare‑approved transplant center that
will decide whether you're a candidate for a transplant.
Transplant providers may be local or outside of the
service area. If our in‑network transplant services are
This benefit is continued on the next page.

42 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
Covered Service What you pay
Inpatient hospital care (continued)
outside the community pattern of care, you may choose
to go locally as long as the local transplant providers are
willing to accept the Original Medicare rate. If Aetna
Medicare Eagle (HMO‑POS) provides transplant services
at a location outside the pattern of care for transplants in
your community and you choose to get transplants at this
distant location, we'll arrange or pay for appropriate
lodging and transportation costs for you and a
companion.
• Blood – including storage and administration. Coverage of
whole blood and packed red cells starts with the first pint
of blood you need. All other components of blood are
covered starting with the first pint.
• Physician services
Note: To be an inpatient, your provider must write an order to
admit you formally as an inpatient of the hospital. Even if you
stay in the hospital overnight, you might still be considered an
outpatient. If you're not sure if you're an inpatient or an
outpatient, ask the hospital staff.
Get more information in the Medicare fact sheet Medicare
Hospital Benefits. This fact sheet is available at
Medicare.gov/publications/11435-Medicare-Hospital-
Benefits.pdf or by calling 1‑800‑MEDICARE (1‑800‑633‑4227).
TTY users call 1‑877‑486‑2048.
Prior authorization may be required and is the responsibility
of your provider.
*Amounts you pay for blood do not apply to your maximum
out‑of‑pocket amount.
Inpatient services in a psychiatric hospital $310 per day, days 1‑6; $0 per day, days
Covered services include mental health care services that 7‑90 for each medically necessary
require a hospital stay. covered inpatient stay. Cost sharing is
charged for each medically necessary
Days covered: There is a 190‑day lifetime limit for inpatient covered inpatient stay.
services in a psychiatric hospital. The 190‑day limit doesn't
apply to inpatient mental health services provided in a Your inpatient benefits will begin on day
psychiatric unit of a general hospital. Cost sharing is not one each time you are admitted within
charged on the day of discharge. or to a specific facility type. A transfer
within or to a facility including Inpatient
Prior authorization may be required and is the responsibility Rehabilitation facilities, Long‑Term
of your provider. Acute Care (LTAC) facilities, Inpatient
Acute Care facilities, and Inpatient
Psychiatric facilities, is considered a new
admission.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS) 43
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
Covered Service What you pay
Inpatient stay: Covered services you get in a hospital or SNF $0 copay for Medicare‑covered primary
during a non‑covered inpatient stay care provider (PCP) services (including
If you’ve used up your skilled nursing facility benefits, or if the urgently needed services).
skilled nursing facility or inpatient stay isn’t reasonable and
necessary, we won’t cover your inpatient stay. In some cases, $35 copay for Medicare‑covered
we’ll cover certain services you get while you’re in the hospital physician specialist services (including
or the skilled nursing facility (SNF). Covered services include, surgery second opinion, home infusion
but aren’t limited to: professional services, and urgently
needed services).
• Physician services
• Diagnostic tests (like lab tests) $35 copay for each Medicare‑covered
diagnostic procedure and test.
• X‑ray, radium, and isotope therapy including technician
materials and services
$0 copay for certain Medicare‑covered
• Surgical dressings
diagnostic tests and services including
• Splints, casts and other devices used to reduce fractures
retinal fundus, spirometry, and
and dislocations
peripheral arterial disease (PAD) testing.
• Prosthetics and orthotics devices (other than dental) that
replace all or part of an internal body organ (including
$0 copay for each Medicare‑covered
contiguous tissue), or all or part of the function of a
lab service.
permanently inoperative or malfunctioning internal body
organ, including replacement or repairs of such devices
$170 copay for each Medicare‑covered
• Leg, arm, back, and neck braces; trusses, and artificial
CT scan.
legs, arms, and eyes including adjustments, repairs, and
replacements required because of breakage, wear, loss,
$170 copay for each Medicare‑covered
or a change in the patient’s physical condition
diagnostic radiology service other than
• Physical therapy, speech therapy, and occupational
CT scans.
therapy
$0 copay for each Medicare‑covered
Prior authorization may be required and is the responsibility
x‑ray.
of your provider.
20% coinsurance for each
Medicare‑covered therapeutic radiology
service.
0% ‑ 20% coinsurance for
Medicare‑covered medical supplies.
• 0% coinsurance for continuous
glucose monitor supplies.
• 20% coinsurance for all other
Medicare‑covered medical
supplies.
20% coinsurance for each
Medicare‑covered prosthetic and
orthotic device.
$35 copay for each Medicare‑covered
physical and speech therapy service.
This benefit is continued on the next page.

44 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
Covered Service What you pay
Inpatient stay: Covered services you get in a hospital or SNF
during a non‑covered inpatient stay (continued)
$35 copay for each Medicare‑covered
occupational therapy service.
Meal benefit (post‑discharge) $0 copay for meals.
After you are discharged from a qualifying Inpatient Acute
Hospital, Inpatient Psychiatric Hospital, or Skilled Nursing
Facility stay, you may be eligible to get up to 14 freshly prepared
meals for a 7‑day period. These meals are provided to help
support your recovery or manage your health conditions.
We have teamed up with NationsMarket™ to provide this
benefit. After we confirm your eligibility, NationsMarket will
contact you to coordinate the delivery.
Note: Observation and outpatient stays do not qualify you for
this benefit. Meals must be scheduled for delivery within three
months of the qualifying discharge as long as you are enrolled
in the plan.
*Amounts you pay for meals do not apply to your maximum
out‑of‑pocket amount.
Medical Expense Wallet There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
You get a Medical Expense Wallet with a $150 quarterly benefit deductible for the Medical Expense
amount (allowance) on the Aetna® Medicare Extra Benefits Card Wallet.
to pay for:
• Your copay or coinsurance for plan‑covered services
including but not limited to provider visits, lab work, and
vision and hearing exams.
• It may also be used to pay for additional visits for a
plan‑covered service that has a visit limit. For example, if
your plan covers one routine eye exam per year and you
need an additional routine eye exam later in the year, you
may use this allowance to pay for the cost of the
additional visit.
Your quarterly benefit amount will be available on the Aetna
Medicare Extra Benefits Card the first day of each calendar
quarter. Calendar quarters begin in January, April, July, and
October. Be sure to use the full benefit amount each quarter,
because any unused benefit amount will not roll over into the
next quarter nor will it roll over into the next plan year. There are
no exceptions to request additional or unused funds to be
added to your card.
Important: The Medical Expense Wallet cannot be used to pay
for prescriptions, over‑the‑counter (OTC) products, routine
dental visits, eyewear, hearing aids, or any service outside of the
U.S. and its territories. The Medical Expense Wallet cannot be
used with providers excluded, suspended, or disbarred from
This benefit is continued on the next page.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS) 45
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
Covered Service What you pay
Medical Expense Wallet (continued)
Medicare, Medicaid, or from receiving federal funds. All
products and services are subject to tax (depending on your
state). Your card balance will be used to cover taxes. If there are
not enough funds on your card to cover the taxes, they will be
your responsibility to cover. For more information on the Aetna
Medicare Extra Benefits Card, see the Aetna Medicare Extra
Benefits Card section in Chapter 4.
There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
Medical nutrition therapy
deductible for members eligible for
This benefit is for people with diabetes, renal (kidney) disease
Medicare‑covered medical nutrition
(but not on dialysis), or after a kidney transplant when ordered
therapy services.
by your doctor.
We cover 3 hours of one‑on‑one counseling services during the
first year you get medical nutrition therapy services under
Medicare (this includes our plan, any other Medicare Advantage
plan, or Original Medicare), and 2 hours each year after that. If
your condition, treatment, or diagnosis changes, you may be
able to get more hours of treatment with a physician’s order. A
physician must prescribe these services and renew their order
yearly if your treatment is needed into the next calendar year.
There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
Medicare Diabetes Prevention Program (MDPP)
deductible for the MDPP benefit.
MDPP services are covered for eligible people under all
Medicare health plans.
MDPP is a structured health behavior change intervention that
provides practical training in long‑term dietary change,
increased physical activity, and problem‑solving strategies for
overcoming challenges to sustaining weight loss and a healthy
lifestyle.
Medicare Part B drugs $35 copay for insulin. Insulin cost
These drugs are covered under Part B of Original Medicare. sharing is subject to a coinsurance cap
Members of our plan receive coverage for these drugs of $35 for one‑month’s supply of insulin
through our plan. Covered drugs include: and plan level deductibles do not apply.
• Drugs that usually aren’t self‑administered by the patient 0% ‑ 20% coinsurance for
and are injected or infused while you get physician, chemotherapy drugs.
hospital outpatient, or ambulatory surgical center services
• Insulin furnished through an item of durable medical • Cost sharing shown is the
equipment (such as a medically necessary insulin pump) maximum you will pay for Part B
• Other drugs you take using durable medical equipment prescription drugs. You may pay
(such as nebulizers) that were authorized by our plan less for certain drugs.
• The Alzheimer’s drug, Leqembi® (generic name
lecanemab), which is administered intravenously. In 0% ‑ 20% coinsurance for all other
addition to medication costs, you may need additional drugs covered under Medicare Part B.
scans and tests before and/or during treatment that could
add to your overall costs. Talk to your doctor about what • Cost sharing shown is the
scans and tests you may need as part of your treatment maximum you will pay for Part B
prescription drugs. You may pay
less for certain drugs.
This benefit is continued on the next page.

46 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
Covered Service What you pay
Medicare Part B drugs (continued)
• Clotting factors you give yourself by injection if you have Part B drugs may be subject to step
hemophilia therapy requirements.
• Transplant/immunosuppressive drugs: Medicare covers
transplant drug therapy if Medicare paid for your organ
transplant. You must have Part A at the time of the
covered transplant, and you must have Part B at the time
you get immunosuppressive drugs.
• Injectable osteoporosis drugs, if you’re homebound, have
a bone fracture that a doctor certifies was related to
post‑menopausal osteoporosis, and can’t self‑administer
the drug
• Some antigens: Medicare covers antigens if a doctor
prepares them and a properly instructed person (who
could be you, the patient) gives them under appropriate
supervision
• Certain oral anti‑cancer drugs: Medicare covers some
oral cancer drugs you take by mouth if the same drug is
available in injectable form or the drug is a prodrug (an
oral form of a drug that, when ingested, breaks down into
the same active ingredient found in the injectable drug) of
the injectable drug.
• Oral anti‑nausea drugs: Medicare covers oral anti‑nausea
drugs you use as part of an anti‑cancer chemotherapeutic
regimen if they’re administered before, at, or within 48
hours of chemotherapy or are used as a full therapeutic
replacement for an intravenous anti‑nausea drug
• Certain oral End‑Stage Renal Disease (ESRD) drugs
covered under Medicare Part B
• Calcimimetic and phosphate binder medications under
the ESRD payment system, including the intravenous
medication Parsabiv®, and the oral medication Sensipar®
• Certain drugs for home dialysis, including heparin, the
antidote for heparin when medically necessary and
topical anesthetics
• Erythropoiesis‑stimulating agents: Medicare covers
erythropoietin by injection if you have End‑Stage Renal
Disease (ESRD) or you need this drug to treat anemia
related to certain other conditions (such as Epogen®,
Procrit®, Retacrit®, Epoetin Alfa, Aranesp®, Darbepoetin
Alfa, Mircera®, or Methoxy polyethylene glycol‑epoetin
beta)
• Intravenous Immune Globulin for the home treatment of
primary immune deficiency diseases
• Parenteral and enteral nutrition (intravenous and tube
feeding)
This link will take you to a list of Part B drugs that may be
subject to Step Therapy: Aetna.com/PartB-Step
We also cover some vaccines under our Part B drug benefit.
This benefit is continued on the next page.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS) 47
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
Covered Service What you pay
Medicare Part B drugs (continued)
Prior authorization may be required and is the responsibility
of your provider.
There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
Obesity screening and therapy to promote sustained
deductible for preventive obesity
weight loss
screening and therapy.
If you have a body mass index of 30 or more, we cover intensive
counseling to help you lose weight. This counseling is covered if
you get it in a primary care setting, where it can be coordinated
with your comprehensive prevention plan. Talk to your primary
care doctor or practitioner to find out more.
Opioid treatment program services $35 copay for each Medicare‑covered
Members of our plan with opioid use disorder (OUD) can get opioid use disorder treatment service.
coverage of services to treat OUD through an Opioid Treatment
Program (OTP) which includes the following services:
• U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)‑approved opioid
agonist and antagonist medication‑assisted treatment
(MAT) medications
• Dispensing and administration of MAT medications (if
applicable)
• Substance use counseling
• Individual and group therapy
• Toxicology testing
• Intake activities
• Periodic assessments
Prior authorization may be required and is the responsibility
of your provider.
Outpatient diagnostic tests and therapeutic services and $0 copay for each Medicare‑covered
supplies x‑ray.
Covered services include, but aren't limited to:
20% coinsurance for each
• X‑rays Medicare‑covered therapeutic radiology
• Radiation (radium and isotope) therapy including service.
technician materials and supplies
• Surgical supplies, such as dressings 0% ‑ 20% coinsurance for
Medicare‑covered medical supplies.
• Splints, casts and other devices used to reduce fractures
and dislocations
• 0% coinsurance for continuous
• Laboratory tests
glucose monitor supplies.
• Blood – including storage and administration. Coverage of
• 20% coinsurance for all other
whole blood and packed red cells starts with the first pint
Medicare‑covered medical
of blood you need. All other components of blood are
supplies.
covered starting with the first pint.
• Diagnostic non‑laboratory tests such as CT scans, MRIs,
$0 copay for each Medicare‑covered
EKGs, and PET scans when your doctor or other health
lab service.
care provider orders them to treat a medical problem.
$0 copay for Medicare‑covered and
This benefit is continued on the next page.

48 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
Covered Service What you pay
Outpatient diagnostic tests and therapeutic services and
supplies (continued)
non‑Medicare covered blood services.
• Other outpatient diagnostic tests
$170 copay for each Medicare‑covered
Prior authorization may be required and is the responsibility CT scan.
of your provider.
$170 copay for each Medicare‑covered
*Amounts you pay for blood do not apply to your maximum diagnostic radiology service other than
out‑of‑pocket amount. CT scans.
$35 copay for each Medicare‑covered
diagnostic procedure and test.
$0 copay for certain Medicare‑covered
diagnostic tests and services including
retinal fundus, spirometry, and
peripheral arterial disease (PAD) testing.
An additional cost share may apply if
you receive services from multiple
providers.
Outpatient hospital observation $395 copay for outpatient hospital
Observation services are hospital outpatient services given to observation services.
determine if you need to be admitted as an inpatient or can be
discharged.
For outpatient hospital observation services to be covered, they
must meet Medicare criteria and be considered reasonable and
necessary. Observation services are covered only when
provided by the order of a physician or another person
authorized by state licensure law and hospital staff bylaws to
admit patients to the hospital or order outpatient tests.
Note: Unless the provider has written an order to admit you as
an inpatient to the hospital, you're an outpatient and pay the
cost‑sharing amounts for outpatient hospital services. Even if
you stay in the hospital overnight, you might still be considered
an outpatient. If you aren't sure if you're an outpatient, ask the
hospital staff.
Get more information in the Medicare fact sheet Medicare
Hospital Benefits This fact sheet is available at
Medicare.gov/publications/11435-Medicare-Hospital-
Benefits.pdf or by calling 1‑800‑MEDICARE (1‑800‑633‑4227).
TTY users call 1‑877‑486‑2048.
Prior authorization may be required and is the responsibility
of your provider.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS) 49
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
Covered Service What you pay
Outpatient hospital services $395 copay for each Medicare‑covered
We cover medically necessary services you get in the outpatient surgery at an outpatient
outpatient department of a hospital for diagnosis or treatment hospital facility.
of an illness or injury.
$395 copay for outpatient hospital
Covered services include, but aren't limited to: observation services.
• Services in an emergency department or outpatient clinic, $35 copay for each Medicare‑covered
such as observation services or outpatient surgery diagnostic procedure and test.
• Laboratory and diagnostic tests billed by the hospital
• Mental health care, including care in a
partial‑hospitalization program, if a doctor certifies that $0 copay for certain Medicare‑covered
inpatient treatment would be required without it diagnostic tests and services including
• X‑rays and other radiology services billed by the hospital retinal fundus, spirometry, and
peripheral arterial disease (PAD) testing.
• Medical supplies such as splints and casts
• Certain drugs and biologicals you can’t give yourself
$0 copay for each Medicare‑covered
lab service.
Note: Unless the provider has written an order to admit you as
an inpatient to the hospital, you're an outpatient and pay the
$170 copay for each Medicare‑covered
cost‑sharing amounts for outpatient hospital services. Even if
CT scan.
you stay in the hospital overnight, you might still be considered
an outpatient. If you aren't sure if you're an outpatient, ask the
$170 copay for each Medicare‑covered
hospital staff.
diagnostic radiology service other than
Prior authorization may be required and is the responsibility
CT scans.
of your provider.
$0 copay for each Medicare‑covered
x‑ray.
20% coinsurance for each
Medicare‑covered therapeutic radiology
service.
$35 copay for each Medicare‑covered
individual session for outpatient
psychiatrist service.
$35 copay for each Medicare‑covered
group session for outpatient psychiatrist
service.
$35 copay for each Medicare‑covered
individual session for outpatient mental
health service.
$35 copay for each Medicare‑covered
group session for outpatient mental
health service.
$55 copay for each Medicare‑covered
partial hospitalization day.
This benefit is continued on the next page.

50 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
Covered Service What you pay
Outpatient hospital services (continued)
$180 copay for each Medicare‑covered
intensive outpatient visit.
0% ‑ 20% coinsurance for
Medicare‑covered medical supplies.
• 0% coinsurance for continuous
glucose monitor supplies.
• 20% coinsurance for all other
Medicare‑covered medical
supplies.
$35 copay for insulin. Insulin cost
sharing is subject to a coinsurance cap
of $35 for one‑month’s supply of insulin
and plan level deductibles do not apply.
0% ‑ 20% coinsurance for
chemotherapy drugs.
• Cost sharing shown is the
maximum you will pay for Part B
prescription drugs. You may pay
less for certain drugs.
0% ‑ 20% coinsurance for all other
drugs covered under Medicare Part B.
• Cost sharing shown is the
maximum you will pay for Part B
prescription drugs. You may pay
less for certain drugs.
Outpatient mental health care $35 copay for each Medicare‑covered
Covered services include: individual session for outpatient
psychiatrist service.
Mental health services provided by a state‑licensed psychiatrist
or doctor, clinical psychologist, clinical social worker, clinical $35 copay for each Medicare‑covered
nurse specialist, licensed professional counselor (LPC), licensed group session for outpatient psychiatrist
marriage and family therapist (LMFT), nurse practitioner (NP), service.
physician assistant (PA), or other Medicare‑qualified mental
health care professional as allowed under applicable state laws. $35 copay for each Medicare‑covered
individual session for outpatient mental
Prior authorization may be required and is the responsibility health service.
of your provider.
$35 copay for each Medicare‑covered
group session for outpatient mental
health service.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS) 51
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
Covered Service What you pay
Outpatient rehabilitation services $35 copay for each Medicare‑covered
Covered services include physical therapy, occupational occupational therapy service.
therapy, and speech language therapy.
$35 copay for each Medicare‑covered
Outpatient rehabilitation services are provided in various physical and speech therapy service.
outpatient settings, such as hospital outpatient departments,
independent therapist offices, and Comprehensive Outpatient
Rehabilitation Facilities (CORFs).
Outpatient substance use disorder services $35 copay for each Medicare‑covered
Our coverage is the same as Original Medicare’s which is individual session for outpatient
coverage for services that are provided in the outpatient substance use disorder service.
department of a hospital to patients who, for example, have
been discharged from an inpatient stay for the treatment of $35 copay for each Medicare‑covered
substance use disorder or who require treatment but do not group session for outpatient substance
require the availability and intensity of services found only in the use disorder service.
inpatient hospital setting. The coverage available for these
services is subject to the same rules generally applicable to the
coverage of outpatient hospital services.
Covered services include:
• Assessment, evaluation, and treatment for substance
use‑related disorders by a Medicare‑eligible provider to
quickly determine the severity of substance use and
identify the appropriate level of treatment.
• Brief interventions or advice focusing on increasing
insight and awareness regarding substance use and
motivation toward behavioral change.
Prior authorization may be required and is the responsibility
of your provider.
Outpatient surgery, including services provided at hospital $395 copay for each Medicare‑covered
outpatient facilities and ambulatory surgical centers outpatient surgery at an outpatient
Note: If you're having surgery in a hospital facility, you should hospital facility.
check with your provider about whether you'll be an inpatient or
outpatient. Unless the provider writes an order to admit you as $345 copay for each Medicare‑covered
an inpatient to the hospital, you're an outpatient and pay the outpatient surgery at an ambulatory
cost‑sharing amounts for outpatient surgery. Even if you stay in surgical center.
the hospital overnight, you might still be considered an
outpatient.
Prior authorization may be required and is the responsibility
of your provider.
Partial hospitalization services and Intensive outpatient $55 copay for each Medicare‑covered
services partial hospitalization day.
Partial hospitalization is a structured program of active
psychiatric treatment provided as a hospital outpatient service $180 copay for each Medicare‑covered
or by a community mental health center that's more intense intensive outpatient visit.
than care you get in your doctor’s, therapist’s, licensed
marriage and family therapist’s (LMFT), or licensed professional
counselor’s office and is an alternative to inpatient
This benefit is continued on the next page.

52 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
Covered Service What you pay
Partial hospitalization services and Intensive outpatient
services (continued)
hospitalization.
Intensive outpatient service is a structured program of active
behavioral (mental) health therapy treatment provided in a
hospital outpatient department, a community mental health
center, a federally qualified health center, or a rural health clinic
that's more intense than care you get in your doctor’s,
therapist’s, licensed marriage and family therapist’s (LMFT), or
licensed professional counselor’s office but less intense than
partial hospitalization.
Prior authorization may be required and is the responsibility
of your provider.
Physician/Practitioner services, including doctor’s office $0 copay for Medicare‑covered primary
visits care provider (PCP) services (including
Covered services include: urgently needed services).
• Medically necessary medical care or surgery services you Note: If you use a PCP (or PCP office)
get in a physician’s office, certified ambulatory surgical whose name is not printed on your
center, hospital outpatient department, or any other Member ID card, you may incur a higher
location cost share or your claims may be
• Consultation, diagnosis, and treatment by a specialist denied. If you would like to change your
• Basic hearing and balance exams performed by your PCP PCP, contact Member Services.
or specialist, if your doctor orders it to see if you need
medical treatment $35 copay for Medicare‑covered
• Certain telehealth services, as long as your provider can physician specialist services (including
offer these services via telehealth, including: surgery second opinion, home infusion
Primary care provider services professional services, and urgently
○
needed services).
Physician specialist services
○
Diabetes self‑management training services
○ $35 copay for each Medicare‑covered
○ Kidney disease education services hearing exam.
Mental health services (individual sessions)
○
Mental health services (group sessions) Certain additional telehealth services,
○
including:
Occupational therapy services
○
Opioid treatment services
○ • $0 copay for each primary care
○ Outpatient substance use disorder services (individual provider service
sessions) • $35 copay for each physician
○ Outpatient substance use disorder services (group specialist service
sessions) • $0 copay for each diabetes
○ Physical and speech therapy services self‑management training service
Psychiatric services (individual sessions) • 20% coinsurance for each kidney
○
disease education service
Psychiatric services (group sessions)
○
• $35 copay for each individual
Urgently needed services
○ session for mental health service
• $35 copay for each group session
for mental health service
This benefit is continued on the next page.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS) 53
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
Covered Service What you pay
Physician/Practitioner services, including doctor’s office
visits (continued)
• This coverage is in addition to the telehealth services • $35 copay for each occupational
described below. For more details on your additional therapy service
telehealth coverage, please review your Aetna Medicare • $35 copay for each opioid
Telehealth Coverage at AetnaMedicare.com/Telehealth treatment program service
You have the option of getting these services through • $35 copay for each individual
○
an in‑person visit or by telehealth. If you choose to get session for outpatient substance
one of these services by telehealth, you must use a use disorder service
network provider who offers the service by telehealth. • $35 copay for each group session
Not all providers offer telehealth services. for outpatient substance use
You should contact your doctor for information on disorder service
○
what telehealth services they offer and how to • $35 copay for each physical
schedule a telehealth visit. Depending on location, you therapy and speech therapy
may also have the option to schedule a telehealth visit service
24 hours a day, 7 days a week via Teladoc, • $35 copay for each individual
MinuteClinic® Video Visit, or other provider that offers session for psychiatric service
telehealth services covered under your plan. You can • $35 copay for each group session
access Teladoc at Teladoc.com/Aetna or by calling for psychiatric service
1‑855‑TELADOC (1‑855‑835‑2362) (TTY: 711). You can • $35 copay for each urgently
find out if MinuteClinic® Video Visits are available in needed service
your area at CVS.com/MinuteClinic/virtual-
care/videovisit. $0 for physician specialist services
• Some telehealth services including consultation, received in a nursing home.
diagnosis, and treatment by a physician or practitioner,
for patients in certain rural areas or other places approved
by Medicare
• Telehealth services for monthly end‑stage renal
disease‑related visits for home dialysis members in a
hospital‑based or critical access hospital‑based renal
dialysis center, renal dialysis facility, or the member’s
home
• Telehealth services to diagnose, evaluate, or treat
symptoms of a stroke regardless of your location
• Telehealth services for members with a substance use
disorder or co‑occurring mental health disorder,
regardless of their location
• Telehealth services for diagnosis, evaluation, and
treatment of mental health disorders if:
You have an in‑person visit within 6 months prior to
○
your first telehealth visit
You have an in‑person visit every 12 months while
○
receiving these telehealth services
Exceptions can be made to the above for certain
○
circumstances
• Telehealth services for mental health visits provided by
Rural Health Clinics and Federally Qualified Health
Centers
• Virtual check‑ins (for example, by phone or video chat)
with your doctor for 5‑10 minutes if:
This benefit is continued on the next page.

54 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
Covered Service What you pay
Physician/Practitioner services, including doctor’s office
visits (continued)
You’re not a new patient and
○
The check‑in isn’t related to an office visit in the past 7
○
days and
The check‑in doesn’t lead to an office visit within 24
○
hours or the soonest available appointment
• Evaluation of video and/or images you send to your
doctor, and interpretation and follow‑up by your doctor
within 24 hours if:
You’re not a new patient and
○
The evaluation isn’t related to an office visit in the past
○
7 days and
The evaluation doesn’t lead to an office visit within 24
○
hours or the soonest available appointment
• Consultation your doctor has with other doctors by phone,
internet, or electronic health record
• Second opinion by another network provider prior to
surgery
Prior authorization may be required and is the responsibility
of your provider.
Podiatry services $35 copay for each Medicare‑covered
Covered services include: podiatry visit.
• Diagnosis and the medical or surgical treatment of injuries $35 copay for each additional
and diseases of the feet (such as hammer toe or heel non‑Medicare covered podiatry visit.
spurs)
• Routine foot care for members with certain medical
conditions affecting the lower limbs
In addition to Medicare‑covered benefits, we also offer:
• Additional (non‑Medicare covered) podiatry services: up
to six visits every year
There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
Pre‑exposure prophylaxis (PrEP) for HIV prevention
deductible for each Medicare‑covered
If you don’t have HIV, but your doctor or other health care
PrEP service.
practitioner determines you're at an increased risk for HIV, we
cover pre‑exposure prophylaxis (PrEP) medication and related
services.
If you qualify, covered services include:
• FDA‑approved oral or injectable PrEP medication. If
you’re getting an injectable drug, we also cover the fee for
injecting the drug.
This benefit is continued on the next page.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS) 55
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
Covered Service What you pay
Pre‑exposure prophylaxis (PrEP) for HIV
prevention (continued)
• Up to 8 individual counseling sessions (including HIV risk
assessment, HIV risk reduction, and medication
adherence) every 12 months.
• Up to 8 HIV screenings every 12 months.
• A one‑time hepatitis B virus screening
$0 copay for each Medicare‑covered
Prostate cancer screening exams
digital rectal exam.
For men aged 50 and older, covered services include the
following once every 12 months:
There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
deductible for an annual PSA test.
• Digital rectal exam
• Prostate Specific Antigen (PSA) test
Prosthetic and orthotic devices and related supplies 20% coinsurance for each
Devices (other than dental) that replace all or part of a body part Medicare‑covered prosthetic and
or function. These include, but aren't limited to testing, fitting, or orthotic device.
training in the use of prosthetic and orthotic devices; as well as
colostomy bags and supplies directly related to colostomy care, 0% ‑ 20% coinsurance for
pacemakers, braces, prosthetic shoes, artificial limbs, and Medicare‑covered medical supplies.
breast prostheses (including a surgical brassiere after a
mastectomy). Includes certain supplies related to prosthetic • 0% coinsurance for continuous
and orthotic devices, and repair and/or replacement of glucose monitor supplies.
prosthetic and orthotic devices. Also includes some coverage • 20% coinsurance for all other
following cataract removal or cataract surgery – go to Vision Medicare‑covered medical
Care later in this table for more detail. supplies.
Prior authorization may be required and is the responsibility
of your provider.
Pulmonary rehabilitation services $5 copay for each Medicare‑covered
Comprehensive programs of pulmonary rehabilitation are pulmonary rehabilitation service.
covered for members who have moderate to very severe
chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and an order for
pulmonary rehabilitation from the doctor treating the chronic
respiratory disease.
There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
Screening and counseling to reduce alcohol misuse
deductible for the Medicare‑covered
We cover one alcohol misuse screening for adults (including
screening and counseling to reduce
pregnant women) who misuse alcohol but aren’t alcohol
alcohol misuse preventive benefit.
dependent.
If you screen positive for alcohol misuse, you can get up to 4
brief face‑to‑face counseling sessions per year (if you’re
competent and alert during counseling) provided by a qualified
primary care doctor or practitioner in a primary care setting.

56 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
Covered Service What you pay
There is no coinsurance, coinsurance,
Screening for Hepatitis C Virus infection
copayment, or deductible for the
We cover one Hepatitis C screening if your primary care doctor
Medicare‑covered screening for the
or other qualified health care provider orders one and you meet
Hepatitis C Virus.
one of these conditions:
• You're at high risk because you use or have used illicit
injection drugs.
• You had a blood transfusion before 1992.
• You were born between 1945‑1965.
If you were born between 1945‑1965 and aren’t considered high
risk, we pay for a screening once. If you’re at high risk (for
example, you’ve continued to use illicit injection drugs since
your previous negative Hepatitis C screening test), we cover
yearly screenings.
There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
Screening for lung cancer with low dose computed
deductible for the Medicare‑covered
tomography (LDCT)
counseling and shared decision‑making
For qualified people, a LDCT is covered every 12 months.
visit or for the LDCT.
Eligible members are people age 50–77 who have no signs or
symptoms of lung cancer, but who have a history of tobacco
smoking of at least 20 pack‑years and who currently smoke or
have quit smoking within the last 15 years, who get an order for
LDCT during a lung cancer screening counseling and shared
decision‑making visit that meets the Medicare criteria for such
visits and be furnished by a physician or qualified non‑physician
practitioner.
For LDCT lung cancer screenings after the initial LDCT
screening: the members must get an order for LDCT lung
cancer screening, which may be furnished during any
appropriate visit with a physician or qualified non‑physician
practitioner. If a physician or qualified non‑physician
practitioner elects to provide a lung cancer screening
counseling and shared decision‑making visit for later lung
cancer screenings with LDCT, the visit must meet the Medicare
criteria for such visits.
There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
Screening for sexually transmitted infections (STIs) and
deductible for the Medicare‑covered
counseling to prevent STIs
screening for STIs and counseling for
We cover sexually transmitted infection (STI) screenings for
STIs preventive benefit.
chlamydia, gonorrhea, syphilis, and Hepatitis B. These
screenings are covered for pregnant women and for certain
people who are at increased risk for an STI when the tests are
ordered by a primary care provider. We cover these tests once
every 12 months or at certain times during pregnancy.
We also cover up to 2 individual 20 to 30 minute, face‑to‑face
high‑intensity behavioral counseling sessions each year for
sexually active adults at increased risk for STIs. We only cover
these counseling sessions as a preventive service if they are
This benefit is continued on the next page.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS) 57
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
Covered Service What you pay
Screening for sexually transmitted infections (STIs) and
counseling to prevent STIs (continued)
provided by a primary care provider and take place in a primary
care setting, such as a doctor’s office.
Services to treat kidney disease 20% coinsurance for each
Covered services include: Medicare‑covered kidney disease
education session.
• Kidney disease education services to teach kidney care
and help members make informed decisions about their 20% coinsurance for Medicare‑covered
care. For members with stage IV chronic kidney disease outpatient dialysis, self‑dialysis training,
when referred by their doctor, we cover up to 6 sessions certain home support services, and
of kidney disease education services per lifetime home dialysis equipment and supplies.
• Outpatient dialysis treatments (including dialysis
treatments when temporarily out of the service area, as
explained in Chapter 3, or when your provider for this $395 per day, days 1‑6; $0 per day, days
service is temporarily unavailable or inaccessible) 7‑90; $0 copay for additional days for
• Inpatient dialysis treatments (if you’re admitted as an each medically necessary covered
inpatient to a hospital for special care) inpatient stay. Cost sharing is charged
• Self‑dialysis training (includes training for you and anyone for each medically necessary covered
helping you with your home dialysis treatments) inpatient stay.
• Home dialysis equipment and supplies
• Certain home support services (such as, when necessary, Your inpatient benefits will begin on day
visits by trained dialysis workers to check on your home one each time you are admitted within
dialysis, to help in emergencies, and check your dialysis or to a specific facility type. A transfer
equipment and water supply) within or to a facility including Inpatient
Rehabilitation facilities, Long‑Term
Certain drugs for dialysis are covered under Medicare Part B. Acute Care (LTAC) facilities, Inpatient
For information about coverage for Part B Drugs, please go to Acute Care facilities, and Inpatient
Medicare Part B drugs in this table. Psychiatric facilities, is considered a new
admission.
Prior authorization may be required and is the responsibility
of your provider. If you get authorized inpatient care at an
out‑of‑network hospital after your
emergency condition is stabilized, your
cost is the cost sharing you'd pay at a
network hospital.
Skilled nursing facility (SNF) care $20 per day, days 1‑20; $218 per day,
(For a definition of skilled nursing facility care, go to Chapter 10. days 21‑100 for each Medicare‑covered
Skilled nursing facilities are sometimes called SNFs.) SNF stay.
Days covered: up to 100 days per benefit period. A prior hospital A benefit period begins the day you go
stay is not required. We will only cover your stay if you meet into a hospital or skilled nursing facility.
certain Medicare guidelines and your stay is medically The benefit period ends when you
necessary. Cost sharing is not charged on the day of discharge. haven’t received any inpatient hospital
care (or skilled care in a SNF) for 60 days
Covered services include but aren’t limited to: in a row. If you go into a hospital or a
skilled nursing facility after one benefit
• Semiprivate room (or a private room if medically period has ended, a new benefit period
necessary) begins. There is no limit to the number of
• Meals, including special diets benefit periods you can have.
This benefit is continued on the next page.

58 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
Covered Service What you pay
Skilled nursing facility (SNF) care (continued)
• Skilled nursing services
• Physical therapy, occupational therapy and speech
therapy
• Drugs administered to you as part of our plan of care (this
includes substances that are naturally present in the
body, such as blood clotting factors.)
• Blood – including storage and administration. Coverage of
whole blood and packed red cells starts with the first pint
of blood you need. All other components of blood are
covered starting with the first pint.
• Medical and surgical supplies ordinarily provided by SNFs
• Laboratory tests ordinarily provided by SNFs
• X‑rays and other radiology services ordinarily provided by
SNFs
• Use of appliances such as wheelchairs ordinarily provided
by SNFs
• Physician/Practitioner services
Generally, you get SNF care from network facilities. Under
certain conditions listed below, you may be able to pay
in‑network cost sharing for a facility that isn’t a network
provider, if the facility accepts our plan’s amounts for payment.
• A nursing home or continuing care retirement community
where you were living right before you went to the
hospital (as long as it provides skilled nursing facility care)
• A SNF where your spouse or domestic partner is living at
the time you leave the hospital
Prior authorization may be required and is the responsibility
of your provider.
*Amounts you pay for blood do not apply to your maximum
out‑of‑pocket amount.
There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
Smoking and tobacco use cessation (counseling to stop
deductible for the Medicare‑covered
smoking or tobacco use)
smoking and tobacco use cessation
Smoking and tobacco use cessation counseling is covered for
preventive benefits.
outpatient and hospitalized patients who meet these criteria:
$0 copay for each additional
• Use tobacco, regardless of whether they exhibit signs or
non‑Medicare covered smoking and
symptoms of tobacco‑related disease
tobacco use cessation visit.
• Are competent and alert during counseling
• A qualified physician or other Medicare‑recognized
practitioner provides counseling
This benefit is continued on the next page.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS) 59
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
Covered Service What you pay
Smoking and tobacco use cessation (counseling to stop
smoking or tobacco use) (continued)
We cover 2 cessation attempts per year (each attempt may
include a maximum of 4 intermediate or intensive sessions, with
the patient getting up to 8 sessions per year.)
In addition to Medicare‑covered benefits, we also offer:
• Additional (non‑Medicare covered) individual and group
face‑to‑face intermediate and intensive counseling
sessions: unlimited visits every year
Supervised Exercise Therapy (SET) $5 copay for each Medicare‑covered
SET is covered for members who have symptomatic peripheral Supervised Exercise Therapy service.
artery disease (PAD).
Up to 36 sessions over a 12‑week period are covered if the SET
program requirements are met.
The SET program must:
• Consist of sessions lasting 30‑60 minutes, comprising a
therapeutic exercise‑training program for PAD in patients
with claudication
• Be conducted in a hospital outpatient setting or a
physician’s office
• Be delivered by qualified auxiliary personnel necessary to
ensure benefits exceed harms and who are trained in
exercise therapy for PAD
• Be under the direct supervision of a physician, physician
assistant, or nurse practitioner/clinical nurse specialist
who must be trained in both basic and advanced life
support techniques
SET may be covered beyond 36 sessions over 12 weeks for an
additional 36 sessions over an extended period of time if
deemed medically necessary by a health care provider.
Urgently needed services $35 copay for each Medicare‑covered
A plan‑covered service requiring immediate medical attention urgent care facility visit. Cost sharing is
that’s not an emergency is an urgently needed service if either not waived if you are admitted to the
you’re temporarily outside our plan’s service area, or, even if hospital.
you’re inside our plan’s service area, it’s unreasonable given
your time, place, and circumstances to get this service from (See Physician/Practitioner services,
network providers. Our plan must cover urgently needed including doctor’s office visits for
services and only charge you in‑network cost sharing. information about urgently needed
Examples of urgently needed services are unforeseen medical services provided in a physician’s
illnesses and injuries, or unexpected flare‑ups of existing office.)
conditions. Medically necessary routine provider visits (like
annual checkups) aren’t considered urgently needed even if $150 copay for each urgent care visit
you’re outside our plan’s service area or our plan network is worldwide (i.e., outside the United
temporarily unavailable. States). Cost sharing is not waived if you
This benefit is continued on the next page.

60 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
Covered Service What you pay
Urgently needed services (continued)
are admitted to the hospital.
In addition to Medicare‑covered benefits, we also offer:
• Urgent care (worldwide)
$250,000 annual maximum benefit for worldwide emergency
care, emergency ambulance, and urgently needed care.
You may have to pay the provider at the time of service and
submit for reimbursement. You will be reimbursed up to the
annual maximum benefit amount less any applicable copay or
cost share.
$0 copay for each Medicare‑covered
Vision care
eye exam. If you receive additional
Covered services include:
services during the eye exam, such as
but not limited to lab, diagnostic testing,
• Outpatient physician services for the diagnosis and
and/or specialist treatment, you may
treatment of diseases and injuries of the eye, including
also be responsible for a cost share for
treatment for age‑related macular degeneration. Original
those additional services received.
Medicare doesn’t cover routine eye exams (eye
refractions) for eyeglasses/contacts.
$0 copay for each Medicare‑covered
• For people who are at high risk for glaucoma, we cover
glaucoma screening.
one glaucoma screening each year. People at high risk for
glaucoma include people with a family history of
$0 copay for the initial diabetic eye
glaucoma, people with diabetes, African Americans who
exam each year.
are age 50 and older and Hispanic Americans who are 65
or older.
$0 copay for each follow‑up diabetic
• For people with diabetes, screening for diabetic
eye exam.
retinopathy is covered once per year.
• One pair of eyeglasses or contact lenses after each
$0 copay for Medicare‑covered
cataract surgery that includes insertion of an intraocular
eyewear.
lens. If you have 2 separate cataract operations, you can’t
reserve the benefit after the first surgery and purchase 2
$0 copay for one non‑Medicare covered
eyeglasses after the second surgery.
routine eye exam with an EyeMed
provider.
In addition to Medicare‑covered benefits, we also offer:
• Non‑Medicare covered eye exams (refractions): one If you receive additional services during
exam every year the eye exam, such as but not limited to
• Follow‑up diabetic eye exam lab, diagnostic testing, and/or specialist
treatment, you may also be responsible
for a cost share for those additional
*Amounts you pay for non‑Medicare covered routine eye
services received.
exams do not apply to your maximum out‑of‑pocket amount.
*Amounts you pay for follow‑up diabetic eye exams do not
apply to your maximum out‑of‑pocket amount.
Vision care — eyewear (non‑Medicare covered) Covered prescription eyewear:
With this plan you get an annual benefit amount (allowance) of • Contact lenses: $0 copay
$350 every year for prescription eyewear including: • Eyeglasses (lenses and frames): $0
copay
• Eyeglass lenses: $0 copay
This benefit is continued on the next page.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS) 61
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
Covered Service What you pay
Vision care — eyewear (non‑Medicare covered) (continued)
• Eyeglass frames: $0 copay
• Contact lenses • Upgrades (including UV protection and
• Eyeglasses including lenses and frames scratch coating): $0 copay
• Eyeglass lenses
• Eyeglass frames
• Upgrades (including UV protection and scratch coating)
We have teamed up with EyeMed to provide this benefit.
You can only use your benefit amount (allowance) to purchase
covered eyewear at an EyeMed provider. Your benefit amount
is applied at the time of purchase. If your eyewear purchase is
more than your benefit amount, you’ll just need to pay the
difference.
To find a participating EyeMed provider, you can search online
at AetnaMedicareVision.com or call Aetna vision customer
service at 1‑844‑486‑3485 (TTY: 711).
*Amounts you pay for additional eyewear services do not apply
to your maximum out‑of‑pocket amount.
There is no coinsurance, copayment, or
Welcome to Medicare preventive visit
deductible for the Welcome to Medicare
Our plan covers the one‑time Welcome to Medicare preventive
preventive visit.
visit. The visit includes a review of your health, as well as
education and counseling about preventive services you need
$0 copay for a Medicare‑covered EKG
(including certain screenings and shots (or vaccines)), and
following the Welcome to Medicare
referrals for other care if needed.
preventive visit.
Important: We cover the Welcome to Medicare preventive visit
only within the first 12 months you have Medicare Part B. When
you make your appointment, let your doctor’s office know you
want to schedule your Welcome to Medicare preventive visit.
Wigs $0 copay for a wig.
You get a $400 benefit amount (allowance) every year for
covered wigs needed for hair loss due to chemotherapy. You
can purchase wigs through a durable medical equipment (DME)
supplier or a supplier of your choice. You are responsible for any
costs over the benefit amount.
To find a DME supplier you can call the phone number on your
member ID card or visit our online directory at aet.na/search. If
you choose to use a supplier that is not in the DME network, you
will need to pay out‑of‑pocket and submit a claim for
reimbursement along with the receipt. You will only be
reimbursed up to the benefit amount. You can find the
reimbursement form at AetnaMedicare.com/forms.

62 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
2026 Essential EPO POS 100/80
Dental Schedule of Benefits
Our plan offers supplemental dental benefits. This Schedule of Benefits describes your covered benefits
and services. You are responsible for cost shares listed in the table below when you’re treated by a dentist.
If you get a service not listed in the table, you will have to pay the full cost. You can take this document to
verify your coverage with your dentist. To locate a participating dentist, you can call Member Services or
go online at AetnaMedicare.com/dental.
Codes not listed in the chart below are not covered by your plan.
CDT Code Description In Network Out‑of‑
Network
D0120 periodic oral evaluation ‑ established patient $0 20%
D0140 limited oral evaluation ‑ problem focused $0 20%
D0145 oral evaluation for a patient under three years of age and $0 20%
counseling with primary caregiver
D0150 comprehensive oral evaluation ‑ new or established patient $0 20%
D0160 detailed and extensive oral evaluation – problem focused, by $0 20%
report
D0170 re‑evaluation ‑ limited, problem focused (established patient; $0 20%
not post‑operative visit)
D0171 re‑evaluation – post‑operative office visit $0 20%
D0180 comprehensive periodontal evaluation ‑ new or established $0 20%
patient
D0190 screening of a patient $0 20%
D0191 assessment of a patient $0 20%
D0210 intraoral – comprehensive series of radiographic images $0 20%
D0220 intraoral ‑ periapical first radiographic image $0 20%
D0230 intraoral ‑ periapical each additional radiographic image $0 20%
D0240 intraoral ‑ occlusal radiographic image $0 20%
D0250 extra‑oral – 2D projection radiographic image created using a $0 20%
stationary radiation source, and detector
D0251 extra‑oral posterior dental radiographic image $0 20%
D0270 bitewing ‑ single radiographic image $0 20%
D0272 bitewings ‑ two radiographic images $0 20%

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS) 63
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
CDT Code Description In Network Out‑of‑
Network
D0273 bitewings ‑ three radiographic images $0 20%
D0274 bitewings ‑ four radiographic images $0 20%
D0277 vertical bitewings ‑ 7 to 8 radiographic images $0 20%
D0310 sialography $0 20%
D0320 temporomandibular joint arthrogram, including injection $0 20%
D0321 other temporomandibular joint radiographic images, by report $0 20%
D0322 tomographic survey $0 20%
D0330 panoramic radiographic image $0 20%
D0340 2D cephalometric radiographic image – acquisition, $0 20%
measurement and analysis
D0350 2D oral/facial photographic image obtained intra‑orally or $0 20%
extra‑orally
D0364 cone beam CT capture and interpretation with limited field of $0 20%
view – less than one whole jaw
D0365 cone beam CT capture and interpretation with field of view of $0 20%
one full dental arch – mandible
D0366 cone beam CT capture and interpretation with field of view of $0 20%
one full dental arch – maxilla, with or without cranium
D0367 cone beam CT capture and interpretation with field of view of $0 20%
both jaws; with or without cranium
D0368 cone beam CT capture and interpretation for TMJ series $0 20%
including two or more exposures
D0369 maxillofacial MRI capture and interpretation $0 20%
D0370 maxillofacial ultrasound capture and interpretation $0 20%
D0371 sialoendoscopy capture and interpretation $0 20%
D0372 intraoral tomosynthesis – comprehensive series of radiographic $0 20%
images
D0373 intraoral tomosynthesis – bitewing radiographic image $0 20%
D0374 intraoral tomosynthesis – periapical radiographic image $0 20%
D0380 cone beam CT image capture with limited field of view – less $0 20%
than one whole jaw
D0381 cone beam CT image capture with field of view of one full $0 20%
dental arch – mandible

64 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
CDT Code Description In Network Out‑of‑
Network
D0382 cone beam CT image capture with field of view of one full $0 20%
dental arch – maxilla, with or without cranium
D0383 cone beam CT image capture with field of view of both jaws; $0 20%
with or without cranium
D0384 cone beam CT image capture for TMJ series including two or $0 20%
more exposures
D0385 maxillofacial MRI image capture $0 20%
D0386 maxillofacial ultrasound image capture $0 20%
D0387 intraoral tomosynthesis – comprehensive series of radiographic $0 20%
images – image capture only
D0388 intraoral tomosynthesis – bitewing radiographic image – image $0 20%
capture only
D0389 intraoral tomosynthesis – periapical radiographic image – $0 20%
image capture only
D0391 interpretation of diagnostic image by a practitioner not $0 20%
associated with capture of the image, including report
D0393 virtual treatment simulation using 3D image volume or surface $0 20%
scan
D0394 digital subtraction of two or more images or image volumes of $0 20%
the same modality
D0395 fusion of two or more 3D image volumes of one or more $0 20%
modalities
D0396 3D printing of a 3D dental surface scan $0 20%
D0411 HbA1c in‑office point of service testing $0 20%
D0412 blood glucose level test – in‑office using a glucose meter $0 20%
D0414 laboratory processing of microbial specimen to include culture $0 20%
and sensitivity studies, preparation and transmission of written
report
D0415 collection of microorganisms for culture and sensitivity $0 20%
D0416 viral culture $0 20%
D0417 collection and preparation of saliva sample for laboratory $0 20%
analysis
D0418 analysis of saliva sample ‑ laboratory $0 20%
D0419 assessment of salivary flow by measurement $0 20%

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS) 65
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
CDT Code Description In Network Out‑of‑
Network
D0422 collection and preparation of genetic sample material for $0 20%
laboratory analysis and report
D0423 genetic test for susceptibility to diseases – specimen analysis $0 20%
D0425 caries susceptibility tests $0 20%
D0426 collection, preparation, and analysis of saliva sample – $0 20%
point‑of‑care
D0460 pulp vitality tests $0 20%
D0461 testing for cracked tooth $0 20%
D0470 diagnostic casts $0 20%
D0472 accession of tissue, gross examination, preparation and $0 20%
transmission of written report
D0473 accession of tissue, gross and microscopic examination, $0 20%
preparation and transmission of written report
D0474 accession of tissue, gross and microscopic examination, $0 20%
including assessment of surgical margins for presence of
disease, preparation and transmission of written report
D0475 decalcification procedure $0 20%
D0476 special stains for microorganisms $0 20%
D0477 special stains, not for microorganisms $0 20%
D0478 immunohistochemical stains $0 20%
D0479 tissue in‑situ hybridization, including interpretation $0 20%
D0480 accession of exfoliative cytologic smears, microscopic $0 20%
examination, preparation and transmission of written report
D0481 electron microscopy $0 20%
D0482 direct immunofluorescence $0 20%
D0483 indirect immunofluorescence $0 20%
D0484 consultation on slides prepared elsewhere $0 20%
D0485 consultation, including preparation of slides from biopsy $0 20%
material supplied by referring source
D0486 laboratory accession of transepithelial cytologic sample, $0 20%
microscopic examination, preparation and transmission of
written report
D0502 other oral pathology procedures, by report $0 20%

66 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
CDT Code Description In Network Out‑of‑
Network
D0600 non‑ionizing diagnostic procedure capable of quantifying, $0 20%
monitoring, and recording changes in structure of enamel,
dentin, and cementum
D0601 caries risk assessment and documentation, with a finding of $0 20%
low risk
D0602 caries risk assessment and documentation, with a finding of $0 20%
moderate risk
D0603 caries risk assessment and documentation, with a finding of $0 20%
high risk
D0604 antigen testing for a public health related pathogen, including $0 20%
coronavirus
D0605 antibody testing for a public health related pathogen, including $0 20%
coronavirus
D0701 panoramic radiographic image – image capture only $0 20%
D0702 2‑D cephalometric radiographic image – image capture only $0 20%
D0703 2‑D oral/facial photographic image obtained intra‑orally or $0 20%
extra‑orally – image capture only
D0705 extra‑oral posterior dental radiographic image – image capture $0 20%
only
D0706 intraoral – occlusal radiographic image – image capture only $0 20%
D0707 intraoral – periapical radiographic image – image capture only $0 20%
D0708 intraoral – bitewing radiographic image – image capture only $0 20%
D0709 intraoral – comprehensive series of radiographic images – $0 20%
image capture only
D0801 3D intraoral surface scan – direct $0 20%
D0802 3D dental surface scan – indirect $0 20%
D0803 3D facial surface scan – direct $0 20%
D0804 3D facial surface scan – indirect $0 20%
D1110 prophylaxis ‑ adult $0 20%
D1120 prophylaxis ‑ child $0 20%
D1206 topical application of fluoride varnish $0 20%
D1208 topical application of fluoride – excluding varnish $0 20%
D1301 immunization counseling $0 20%
D1310 nutritional counseling for control of dental disease $0 20%

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS) 67
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
CDT Code Description In Network Out‑of‑
Network
D1320 tobacco counseling for the control and prevention of oral $0 20%
disease
D1321 counseling for the control and prevention of adverse oral, $0 20%
behavioral, and systemic health effects associated with
high‑risk substance use
D1330 oral hygiene instructions $0 20%
D1351 sealant ‑ per tooth $0 20%
D1353 sealant repair – per tooth $0 20%
D1354 application of caries arresting medicament – per tooth $0 20%
D1355 caries preventive medicament application – per tooth $0 20%
D1510 space maintainer ‑ fixed, unilateral – per quadrant $0 20%
D1516 space maintainer ‑ fixed ‑ bilateral, maxillary $0 20%
D1517 space maintainer ‑ fixed ‑ bilateral, mandibular $0 20%
D1520 space maintainer ‑ removable, unilateral ‑ per quadrant $0 20%
D1526 space maintainer ‑ removable ‑ bilateral, maxillary $0 20%
D1527 space maintainer ‑ removable ‑ bilateral, mandibular $0 20%
D1551 re‑cement or re‑bond bilateral space maintainer ‑ maxillary $0 20%
D1552 re‑cement or re‑bond bilateral space maintainer ‑ mandibular $0 20%
D1553 re‑cement or re‑bond unilateral space maintainer ‑ per $0 20%
quadrant
D1556 removal of fixed unilateral space maintainer ‑ per quadrant $0 20%
D1557 removal of fixed bilateral space maintainer ‑ maxillary $0 20%
D1558 removal of fixed bilateral space maintainer ‑ mandibular $0 20%
D1575 distal shoe space maintainer ‑ fixed, unilateral ‑ per quadrant $0 20%
D2140 amalgam ‑ one surface, primary or permanent $0 20%
D2150 amalgam ‑ two surfaces, primary or permanent $0 20%
D2160 amalgam ‑ three surfaces, primary or permanent $0 20%
D2161 amalgam ‑ four or more surfaces, primary or permanent $0 20%
D2330 resin‑based composite ‑ one surface, anterior $0 20%
D2331 resin‑based composite ‑ two surfaces, anterior $0 20%
D2332 resin‑based composite ‑ three surfaces, anterior $0 20%

68 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
CDT Code Description In Network Out‑of‑
Network
D2335 resin‑based composite ‑ four or more surfaces (anterior) $0 20%
D2390 resin‑based composite crown, anterior $0 20%
D2391 resin‑based composite ‑ one surface, posterior $0 20%
D2392 resin‑based composite ‑ two surfaces, posterior $0 20%
D2393 resin‑based composite ‑ three surfaces, posterior $0 20%
D2394 resin‑based composite ‑ four or more surfaces, posterior $0 20%
D2410 gold foil ‑ one surface $0 20%
D2420 gold foil ‑ two surfaces $0 20%
D2430 gold foil ‑ three surfaces $0 20%
D2510 inlay ‑ metallic ‑ one surface $0 20%
D2520 inlay ‑ metallic ‑ two surfaces $0 20%
D2530 inlay ‑ metallic ‑ three or more surfaces $0 20%
D2542 onlay ‑ metallic ‑ two surfaces $0 20%
D2543 onlay ‑ metallic ‑ three surfaces $0 20%
D2544 onlay ‑ metallic ‑ four or more surfaces $0 20%
D2610 inlay ‑ porcelain/ceramic ‑ one surface $0 20%
D2620 inlay ‑ porcelain/ceramic ‑ two surfaces $0 20%
D2630 inlay ‑ porcelain/ceramic ‑ three or more surfaces $0 20%
D2642 onlay ‑ porcelain/ceramic ‑ two surfaces $0 20%
D2643 onlay ‑ porcelain/ceramic ‑ three surfaces $0 20%
D2644 onlay ‑ porcelain/ceramic ‑ four or more surfaces $0 20%
D2650 inlay ‑ resin‑based composite ‑ one surface $0 20%
D2651 inlay ‑ resin‑based composite ‑ two surfaces $0 20%
D2652 inlay ‑ resin‑based composite ‑ three or more surfaces $0 20%
D2662 onlay ‑ resin‑based composite ‑ two surfaces $0 20%
D2663 onlay ‑ resin‑based composite ‑ three surfaces $0 20%
D2664 onlay ‑ resin‑based composite ‑ four or more surfaces $0 20%
D2710 crown ‑ resin‑based composite (indirect) $0 20%
D2712 crown ‑ ¾ resin‑based composite (indirect) $0 20%

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS) 69
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
CDT Code Description In Network Out‑of‑
Network
D2720 crown ‑ resin with high noble metal $0 20%
D2721 crown ‑ resin with predominantly base metal $0 20%
D2722 crown ‑ resin with noble metal $0 20%
D2740 crown ‑ porcelain/ceramic $0 20%
D2750 crown ‑ porcelain fused to high noble metal $0 20%
D2751 crown ‑ porcelain fused to predominantly base metal $0 20%
D2752 crown ‑ porcelain fused to noble metal $0 20%
D2753 crown ‑ porcelain fused to titanium and titanium alloys $0 20%
D2780 crown ‑ 3/4 cast high noble metal $0 20%
D2781 crown ‑ 3/4 cast predominantly base metal $0 20%
D2782 crown ‑ 3/4 cast noble metal $0 20%
D2783 crown ‑ 3/4 porcelain/ceramic $0 20%
D2790 crown ‑ full cast high noble metal $0 20%
D2791 crown ‑ full cast predominantly base metal $0 20%
D2792 crown ‑ full cast noble metal $0 20%
D2794 crown ‑ titanium and titanium alloys $0 20%
D2799 interim crown – further treatment or completion of diagnosis $0 20%
necessary prior to final impression
D2910 re‑cement or re‑bond inlay, onlay, veneer or partial coverage $0 20%
restoration
D2915 re‑cement or re‑bond indirectly fabricated or prefabricated $0 20%
post and core
D2920 re‑cement or re‑bond crown $0 20%
D2921 reattachment of tooth fragment, incisal edge or cusp $0 20%
D2928 prefabricated porcelain/ceramic crown – permanent tooth $0 20%
D2929 prefabricated porcelain/ceramic crown – primary tooth $0 20%
D2930 prefabricated stainless steel crown ‑ primary tooth $0 20%
D2931 prefabricated stainless steel crown ‑ permanent tooth $0 20%
D2932 prefabricated resin crown $0 20%
D2933 prefabricated stainless steel crown with resin window $0 20%

70 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
CDT Code Description In Network Out‑of‑
Network
D2934 prefabricated esthetic coated stainless steel crown ‑ primary $0 20%
tooth
D2940 placement of interim direct restoration $0 20%
D2949 restorative foundation for an indirect restoration $0 20%
D2950 core buildup, including any pins when required $0 20%
D2951 pin retention ‑ per tooth, in addition to restoration $0 20%
D2952 post and core in addition to crown, indirectly fabricated $0 20%
D2953 each additional indirectly fabricated post ‑ same tooth $0 20%
D2954 prefabricated post and core in addition to crown $0 20%
D2955 post removal $0 20%
D2956 removal of an indirect restoration on a natural tooth $0 20%
D2957 each additional prefabricated post ‑ same tooth $0 20%
D2960 labial veneer (resin laminate) ‑ direct $0 20%
D2961 labial veneer (resin laminate) ‑ indirect $0 20%
D2962 labial veneer (porcelain laminate) ‑ indirect $0 20%
D2971 additional procedures to customize a crown to fit under an $0 20%
existing partial denture framework
D2975 coping $0 20%
D2976 band stabilization – per tooth $0 20%
D2980 crown repair necessitated by restorative material failure $0 20%
D2981 inlay repair necessitated by restorative material failure $0 20%
D2982 onlay repair necessitated by restorative material failure $0 20%
D2983 veneer repair necessitated by restorative material failure $0 20%
D2989 excavation of a tooth resulting in the determination of $0 20%
non‑restorability
D2990 resin infiltration of incipient smooth surface lesions $0 20%
D2991 application of hydroxyapatite regeneration medicament – per $0 20%
tooth
D3110 pulp cap ‑ direct (excluding final restoration) $0 20%
D3120 pulp cap ‑ indirect (excluding final restoration) $0 20%

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS) 71
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
CDT Code Description In Network Out‑of‑
Network
D3220 therapeutic pulpotomy (excluding final restoration) ‑ removal $0 20%
of pulp coronal to the dentinocemental junction and application
of medicament
D3221 pulpal debridement, primary and permanent teeth $0 20%
D3222 partial pulpotomy for apexogenesis ‑ permanent tooth with $0 20%
incomplete root development
D3230 pulpal therapy (resorbable filling) ‑ anterior, primary tooth $0 20%
(excluding final restoration)
D3240 pulpal therapy (resorbable filling) ‑ posterior, primary tooth $0 20%
(excluding final restoration)
D3310 endodontic therapy, anterior tooth (excluding final restoration) $0 20%
D3320 endodontic therapy, premolar tooth (excluding final $0 20%
restoration)
D3330 endodontic therapy, molar tooth (excluding final restoration) $0 20%
D3331 treatment of root canal obstruction; non‑surgical access $0 20%
D3332 incomplete endodontic therapy; inoperable, unrestorable or $0 20%
fractured tooth
D3333 internal root repair of perforation defects $0 20%
D3346 retreatment of previous root canal therapy ‑ anterior $0 20%
D3347 retreatment of previous root canal therapy ‑ premolar $0 20%
D3348 retreatment of previous root canal therapy ‑ molar $0 20%
D3351 apexification/recalcification – initial visit (apical closure/calcific $0 20%
repair of perforations, root resorption, etc.)
D3352 apexification/recalcification – interim medication replacement $0 20%
D3353 apexification/recalcification ‑ final visit (includes completed $0 20%
root canal therapy ‑ apical closure/calcific repair of
perforations, root resorption, etc.)
D3355 pulpal regeneration ‑ initial visit $0 20%
D3356 pulpal regeneration ‑ interim medication replacement $0 20%
D3357 pulpal regeneration ‑ completion of treatment $0 20%
D3410 apicoectomy ‑ anterior $0 20%
D3421 apicoectomy ‑ premolar (first root) $0 20%
D3425 apicoectomy ‑ molar (first root) $0 20%
D3426 apicoectomy (each additional root) $0 20%

72 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
CDT Code Description In Network Out‑of‑
Network
D3428 bone graft in conjunction with periradicular surgery – per tooth, $0 20%
single site
D3429 bone graft in conjunction with periradicular surgery – each $0 20%
additional contiguous tooth in the same surgical site
D3430 retrograde filling ‑ per root $0 20%
D3431 biologic materials to aid in soft and osseous tissue regeneration $0 20%
in conjunction with periradicular surgery
D3432 guided tissue regeneration, resorbable barrier, per site, in $0 20%
conjunction with periradicular surgery
D3450 root amputation ‑ per root $0 20%
D3470 intentional re‑implantation (including necessary splinting) $0 20%
D3471 surgical repair of root resorption ‑ anterior $0 20%
D3472 surgical repair of root resorption – premolar $0 20%
D3473 surgical repair of root resorption – molar $0 20%
D3501 surgical exposure of root surface without apicoectomy or $0 20%
repair of root resorption – anterior
D3502 surgical exposure of root surface without apicoectomy or $0 20%
repair of root resorption – premolar
D3503 surgical exposure of root surface without apicoectomy or $0 20%
repair of root resorption – molar
D3910 surgical procedure for isolation of tooth with rubber dam $0 20%
D3911 intraorafice barrier $0 20%
D3920 hemisection (including any root removal), not including root $0 20%
canal therapy
D3921 decoronation or submergence of an erupted tooth $0 20%
D3950 canal preparation and fitting of preformed dowel or post $0 20%
D4210 gingivectomy or gingivoplasty ‑ four or more contiguous teeth $0 20%
or tooth bounded spaces per quadrant
D4211 gingivectomy or gingivoplasty ‑ one to three contiguous teeth $0 20%
or tooth bounded spaces per quadrant
D4212 gingivectomy or gingivoplasty to allow access for restorative $0 20%
procedure, per tooth
D4230 anatomical crown exposure – four or more contiguous teeth or $0 20%
tooth bounded spaces per quadrant

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS) 73
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
CDT Code Description In Network Out‑of‑
Network
D4231 anatomical crown exposure – one to three teeth or tooth $0 20%
bounded spaces per quadrant
D4240 gingival flap procedure, including root planing ‑ four or more $0 20%
contiguous teeth or tooth bounded spaces per quadrant
D4241 gingival flap procedure, including root planing ‑ one to three $0 20%
contiguous teeth or tooth bounded spaces per quadrant
D4245 apically positioned flap $0 20%
D4249 clinical crown lengthening – hard tissue $0 20%
D4260 osseous surgery (including elevation of a full thickness flap and $0 20%
closure) – four or more contiguous teeth or tooth bounded
spaces per quadrant
D4261 osseous surgery (including elevation of a full thickness flap and $0 20%
closure) – one to three contiguous teeth or tooth bounded
spaces per quadrant
D4263 bone replacement graft – retained natural tooth – first site in $0 20%
quadrant
D4264 bone replacement graft – retained natural tooth – each $0 20%
additional site in quadrant
D4265 biologic materials to aid in soft and osseous tissue $0 20%
regeneration, per site
D4266 guided tissue regeneration, natural teeth – resorbable barrier, $0 20%
per site
D4267 guided tissue regeneration, natural teeth – non‑resorbable $0 20%
barrier, per site
D4268 surgical revision procedure, per tooth $0 20%
D4270 pedicle soft tissue graft procedure $0 20%
D4273 autogenous connective tissue graft procedure (including donor $0 20%
and recipient surgical sites) first tooth, implant, or edentulous
tooth position in graft
D4274 mesial/distal wedge procedure, single tooth (when not $0 20%
performed in conjunction with surgical procedures in the same
anatomical area)
D4275 non‑autogenous connective tissue graft (including recipient $0 20%
site and donor material) first tooth, implant, or edentulous tooth
position in graft
D4276 combined connective tissue and pedicle graft, per tooth $0 20%

74 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
CDT Code Description In Network Out‑of‑
Network
D4277 free soft tissue graft procedure (including recipient and donor $0 20%
surgical sites) first tooth, implant or edentulous tooth position in
graft
D4278 free soft tissue graft procedure (including recipient and donor $0 20%
surgical sites) each additional contiguous tooth, implant or
edentulous tooth position in same graft site
D4283 autogenous connective tissue graft procedure (including donor $0 20%
and recipient surgical sites) – each additional contiguous tooth,
implant or edentulous tooth position in same graft site
D4285 non‑autogenous connective tissue graft procedure (including $0 20%
recipient surgical site and donor material) – each additional
contiguous tooth, implant or edentulous tooth position in same
graft site
D4286 removal of non‑resorbable barrier $0 20%
D4322 splint – intra‑coronal; natural teeth or prosthetic crowns $0 20%
D4323 splint – extra‑coronal; natural teeth or prosthetic crowns $0 20%
D4341 periodontal scaling and root planing ‑ four or more teeth per $0 20%
quadrant
D4342 periodontal scaling and root planing ‑ one to three teeth per $0 20%
quadrant
D4346 scaling in presence of generalized moderate or severe gingival $0 20%
inflammation – full mouth, after oral evaluation
D4355 full mouth debridement to enable a comprehensive periodontal $0 20%
evaluation and diagnosis on a subsequent visit
D4381 localized delivery of antimicrobial agents via a controlled $0 20%
release vehicle into diseased crevicular tissue, per tooth
D4910 periodontal maintenance $0 20%
D4920 unscheduled dressing change (by someone other than treating $0 20%
dentist or their staff)
D4921 gingival irrigation with a medicinal agent – per quadrant $0 20%
D5110 complete denture ‑ maxillary $0 20%
D5120 complete denture ‑ mandibular $0 20%
D5130 immediate denture ‑ maxillary $0 20%
D5140 immediate denture ‑ mandibular $0 20%
D5211 maxillary partial denture – resin base (including, $0 20%
retentive/clasping materials, rests, and teeth)

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS) 75
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
CDT Code Description In Network Out‑of‑
Network
D5212 mandibular partial denture – resin base (including, $0 20%
retentive/clasping materials, rests, and teeth)
D5213 maxillary partial denture ‑ cast metal framework with resin $0 20%
denture bases (including retentive/clasping materials, rests
and teeth)
D5214 mandibular partial denture ‑ cast metal framework with resin $0 20%
denture bases (including retentive/clasping materials, rests
and teeth)
D5221 immediate maxillary partial denture ‑ resin base (including $0 20%
retentive/clasping materials, rests and teeth)
D5222 immediate mandibular partial denture ‑ resin base (including $0 20%
retentive/clasping materials, rests and teeth)
D5223 immediate maxillary partial denture ‑ cast metal framework $0 20%
with resin denture bases (including retentive/clasping
materials, rests and teeth)
D5224 immediate mandibular partial denture ‑ cast metal framework $0 20%
with resin denture bases (including retentive/clasping
materials, rests and teeth)
D5225 maxillary partial denture ‑ flexible base (including $0 20%
retentive/clasping materials, rests, and teeth)
D5226 mandibular partial denture ‑ flexible base (including $0 20%
retentive/clasping materials, rests, and teeth)
D5227 immediate maxillary partial denture ‑ flexible base (including $0 20%
any clasps, rests and teeth)
D5228 immediate mandibular partial denture ‑ flexible base (including $0 20%
any clasps, rests and teeth)
D5282 removable unilateral partial denture – one piece cast metal $0 20%
(including retentive/clasping materials, rests, and teeth),
maxillary
D5283 removable unilateral partial denture – one piece cast metal $0 20%
(including retentive/clasping materials, rests, and teeth),
mandibular
D5284 removable unilateral partial denture – one piece flexible base $0 20%
(including retentive/clasping materials, rests, and teeth) – per
quadrant
D5286 removable unilateral partial denture – one piece resin $0 20%
(including retentive/clasping materials, rests, and teeth) – per
quadrant
D5410 adjust complete denture ‑ maxillary $0 20%

76 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
CDT Code Description In Network Out‑of‑
Network
D5411 adjust complete denture ‑ mandibular $0 20%
D5421 adjust partial denture ‑ maxillary $0 20%
D5422 adjust partial denture ‑ mandibular $0 20%
D5511 repair broken complete denture base, mandibular $0 20%
D5512 repair broken complete denture base, maxillary $0 20%
D5520 replace missing or broken teeth – complete denture – per tooth $0 20%
D5611 repair resin partial denture base, mandibular $0 20%
D5612 repair resin partial denture base, maxillary $0 20%
D5621 repair cast partial framework, mandibular $0 20%
D5622 repair cast partial framework, maxillary $0 20%
D5630 repair or replace broken retentive clasping materials – per $0 20%
tooth
D5640 replace missing or broken teeth – partial denture – per tooth $0 20%
D5650 add tooth to existing partial denture – per tooth $0 20%
D5660 add clasp to existing partial denture ‑ per tooth $0 20%
D5670 replace all teeth and acrylic on cast metal framework $0 20%
(maxillary)
D5671 replace all teeth and acrylic on cast metal framework $0 20%
(mandibular)
D5710 rebase complete maxillary denture $0 20%
D5711 rebase complete mandibular denture $0 20%
D5720 rebase maxillary partial denture $0 20%
D5721 rebase mandibular partial denture $0 20%
D5725 rebase hybrid prosthesis $0 20%
D5730 reline complete maxillary denture (direct) $0 20%
D5731 reline complete mandibular denture (direct) $0 20%
D5740 reline maxillary partial denture (direct) $0 20%
D5741 reline mandibular partial denture (direct) $0 20%
D5750 reline complete maxillary denture (indirect) $0 20%
D5751 reline complete mandibular denture (indirect) $0 20%
D5760 reline maxillary partial denture (indirect) $0 20%

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS) 77
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
CDT Code Description In Network Out‑of‑
Network
D5761 reline mandibular partial denture (indirect) $0 20%
D5765 soft liner for complete or partial removable denture – indirect $0 20%
D5810 interim complete denture (maxillary) $0 20%
D5811 interim complete denture (mandibular) $0 20%
D5820 interim partial denture (including retentive/clasping materials, $0 20%
rests, and teeth), maxillary
D5821 interim partial denture (including retentive/clasping materials, $0 20%
rests, and teeth), mandibular
D5850 tissue conditioning, maxillary $0 20%
D5851 tissue conditioning, mandibular $0 20%
D5862 precision attachment, by report $0 20%
D5863 overdenture – complete maxillary ‑ natural tooth borne $0 20%
D5864 overdenture – partial maxillary ‑ natural tooth borne $0 20%
D5865 overdenture – complete mandibular ‑ natural tooth borne $0 20%
D5866 overdenture – partial mandibular ‑ natural tooth borne $0 20%
D5867 replacement of replaceable part of semi‑precision or precision $0 20%
attachment of natural tooth borne prosthesis, per attachment
D5876 add metal substructure to acrylic complete denture ‑ per arch $0 20%
D5877 duplication of complete denture ‑ maxillary $0 20%
D5878 duplication of complete denture ‑ mandibular $0 20%
D5991 vesiculobullous disease medicament carrier $0 20%
D5992 adjust maxillofacial prosthetic appliance, by report $0 20%
D5993 maintenance and cleaning of a maxillofacial prosthesis (extra‑ $0 20%
or intra‑oral) other than required adjustments, by report
D5995 periodontal medicament carrier with peripheral seal – $0 20%
laboratory processed – maxillary
D5996 periodontal medicament carrier with peripheral seal – $0 20%
laboratory processed – mandibular
D6205 pontic ‑ indirect resin based composite $0 20%
D6210 pontic ‑ cast high noble metal $0 20%
D6211 pontic ‑ cast predominantly base metal $0 20%
D6212 pontic ‑ cast noble metal $0 20%

78 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
CDT Code Description In Network Out‑of‑
Network
D6214 pontic ‑ titanium and titanium alloys $0 20%
D6240 pontic ‑ porcelain fused to high noble metal $0 20%
D6241 pontic ‑ porcelain fused to predominantly base metal $0 20%
D6242 pontic ‑ porcelain fused to noble metal $0 20%
D6243 pontic ‑ porcelain fused to titanium and titanium alloys $0 20%
D6245 pontic ‑ porcelain/ceramic $0 20%
D6250 pontic ‑ resin with high noble metal $0 20%
D6251 pontic ‑ resin with predominantly base metal $0 20%
D6252 pontic ‑ resin with noble metal $0 20%
D6253 interim pontic ‑ further treatment or completion of diagnosis $0 20%
necessary prior to final impression
D6545 retainer ‑ cast metal for resin bonded fixed prosthesis $0 20%
D6548 retainer ‑ porcelain/ceramic for resin bonded fixed prosthesis $0 20%
D6549 retainer – resin bonded fixed prosthesis $0 20%
D6600 retainer inlay ‑ porcelain/ceramic, two surfaces $0 20%
D6601 retainer inlay ‑ porcelain/ceramic, three or more surfaces $0 20%
D6602 retainer inlay ‑ cast high noble metal, two surfaces $0 20%
D6603 retainer inlay ‑ cast high noble metal, three or more surfaces $0 20%
D6604 retainer inlay ‑ cast predominantly base metal, two surfaces $0 20%
D6605 retainer inlay ‑ cast predominantly base metal, three or more $0 20%
surfaces
D6606 retainer inlay ‑ cast noble metal, two surfaces $0 20%
D6607 retainer inlay ‑ cast noble metal, three or more surfaces $0 20%
D6608 retainer onlay ‑ porcelain/ceramic, two surfaces $0 20%
D6609 retainer onlay ‑ porcelain/ceramic, three or more surfaces $0 20%
D6610 retainer onlay ‑ cast high noble metal, two surfaces $0 20%
D6611 retainer onlay ‑ cast high noble metal, three or more surfaces $0 20%
D6612 retainer onlay ‑ cast predominantly base metal, two surfaces $0 20%
D6613 retainer onlay ‑ cast predominantly base metal, three or more $0 20%
surfaces
D6614 retainer onlay ‑ cast noble metal, two surfaces $0 20%

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS) 79
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
CDT Code Description In Network Out‑of‑
Network
D6615 retainer onlay ‑ cast noble metal, three or more surfaces $0 20%
D6624 retainer inlay ‑ titanium $0 20%
D6634 retainer onlay ‑ titanium $0 20%
D6710 retainer crown ‑ indirect resin based composite $0 20%
D6720 retainer crown ‑ resin with high noble metal $0 20%
D6721 retainer crown ‑ resin with predominantly base metal $0 20%
D6722 retainer crown ‑ resin with noble metal $0 20%
D6740 retainer crown ‑ porcelain/ceramic $0 20%
D6750 retainer crown ‑ porcelain fused to high noble metal $0 20%
D6751 retainer crown ‑ porcelain fused to predominantly base metal $0 20%
D6752 retainer crown ‑ porcelain fused to noble metal $0 20%
D6753 retainer crown ‑ porcelain fused to titanium and titanium alloys $0 20%
D6780 retainer crown ‑ 3/4 cast high noble metal $0 20%
D6781 retainer crown ‑ 3/4 cast predominantly base metal $0 20%
D6782 retainer crown ‑ 3/4 cast noble metal $0 20%
D6783 retainer crown ‑ 3/4 porcelain/ceramic $0 20%
D6784 retainer crown ¾ ‑ titanium and titanium alloys $0 20%
D6790 retainer crown ‑ full cast high noble metal $0 20%
D6791 retainer crown ‑ full cast predominantly base metal $0 20%
D6792 retainer crown ‑ full cast noble metal $0 20%
D6793 interim retainer crown ‑ further treatment or completion of $0 20%
diagnosis necessary prior to final impression
D6794 retainer crown ‑ titanium and titanium alloys $0 20%
D6920 connector bar $0 20%
D6930 re‑cement or re‑bond fixed partial denture $0 20%
D6940 stress breaker $0 20%
D6950 precision attachment $0 20%
D6980 fixed partial denture repair necessitated by restorative material $0 20%
failure
D6985 pediatric partial denture, fixed $0 20%

80 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
CDT Code Description In Network Out‑of‑
Network
D7111 extraction, coronal remnants – primary tooth $0 20%
D7140 extraction, erupted tooth or exposed root (elevation and/or $0 20%
forceps removal)
D7210 extraction, erupted tooth requiring removal of bone and/or $0 20%
sectioning of tooth, and including elevation of mucoperiosteal
flap if indicated
D7220 removal of impacted tooth ‑ soft tissue $0 20%
D7230 removal of impacted tooth ‑ partially bony $0 20%
D7240 removal of impacted tooth ‑ completely bony $0 20%
D7241 removal of impacted tooth ‑ completely bony, with unusual $0 20%
surgical complications
D7250 removal of residual tooth roots (cutting procedure) $0 20%
D7251 coronectomy – intentional partial tooth removal, impacted $0 20%
teeth only
D7260 oroantral fistula closure $0 20%
D7261 primary closure of a sinus perforation $0 20%
D7272 tooth transplantation (includes re‑implantation from one site to $0 20%
another and splinting and/or stabilization)
D7280 exposure of an unerupted tooth $0 20%
D7282 mobilization of erupted or malpositioned tooth to aid eruption $0 20%
D7283 placement of device to facilitate eruption of impacted tooth $0 20%
D7290 surgical repositioning of teeth $0 20%
D7291 transseptal fiberotomy/supra crestal fiberotomy, by report $0 20%
D7292 placement of temporary anchorage device [screw retained $0 20%
plate] requiring flap
D7293 placement of temporary anchorage device requiring flap $0 20%
D7294 placement of temporary anchorage device without flap $0 20%
D7298 removal of temporary anchorage device [screw retained plate], $0 20%
requiring flap
D7299 removal of temporary anchorage device, requiring flap $0 20%
D7300 removal of temporary anchorage device without flap $0 20%
D7310 alveoloplasty in conjunction with extractions ‑ four or more $0 20%
teeth or tooth spaces, per quadrant

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS) 81
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
CDT Code Description In Network Out‑of‑
Network
D7311 alveoloplasty in conjunction with extractions ‑ one to three $0 20%
teeth or tooth spaces, per quadrant
D7320 alveoloplasty not in conjunction with extractions ‑ four or more $0 20%
teeth or tooth spaces, per quadrant
D7321 alveoloplasty not in conjunction with extractions ‑ one to three $0 20%
teeth or tooth spaces, per quadrant
D7340 vestibuloplasty ‑ ridge extension (secondary epithelialization) $0 20%
D7350 vestibuloplasty ‑ ridge extension (including soft tissue grafts, $0 20%
muscle reattachment, revision of soft tissue attachment and
management of hypertrophied and hyperplastic tissue)
D7471 removal of lateral exostosis (maxilla or mandible) $0 20%
D7472 removal of torus palatinus $0 20%
D7473 removal of torus mandibularis $0 20%
D7485 reduction of osseous tuberosity $0 20%
D7921 collection and application of autologous blood concentrate $0 20%
product
D7922 placement of intra‑socket biological dressing to aid in $0 20%
hemostasis or clot stabilization, per site
D7939 indexing for osteotomy using dynamic robotic assisted or $0 20%
dynamic navigation
D7953 bone replacement graft for ridge preservation ‑ per site $0 20%
D7956 guided tissue regeneration, edentulous area – resorbable $0 20%
barrier, per site
D7957 guided tissue regeneration, edentulous area – non‑resorbable $0 20%
barrier, per site
D7961 buccal / labial frenectomy (frenulectomy) $0 20%
D7962 lingual frenectomy (frenulectomy) $0 20%
D7963 frenuloplasty $0 20%
D7970 excision of hyperplastic tissue ‑ per arch $0 20%
D7971 excision of pericoronal gingiva $0 20%
D7972 surgical reduction of fibrous tuberosity $0 20%
D7979 non – surgical sialolithotomy $0 20%
D7998 intraoral placement of a fixation device not in conjunction with $0 20%
a fracture

82 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
CDT Code Description In Network Out‑of‑
Network
D9110 palliative treatment of dental pain – per visit $0 20%
D9120 fixed partial denture sectioning $0 20%
D9128 photobiomodulation therapy ‑ first 15 minute increment, or any $0 20%
portion thereof
D9129 photobiomodulation therapy ‑ each subsequent 15 minute $0 20%
increment, or any portion thereof
D9130 temporomandibular joint dysfunction – non‑invasive physical $0 20%
therapies
D9210 local anesthesia not in conjunction with operative or surgical $0 20%
procedures
D9211 regional block anesthesia $0 20%
D9212 trigeminal division block anesthesia $0 20%
D9215 local anesthesia in conjunction with operative or surgical $0 20%
procedures
D9219 evaluation for moderate sedation, deep sedation or general $0 20%
anesthesia
D9222 administration of deep sedation/general anesthesia – first 15 $0 20%
minute increment, or any portion thereof
D9223 administration of deep sedation/general anesthesia – each $0 20%
subsequent 15 minute increment, or any portion thereof
D9224 administration of general anesthesia with advanced airway – $0 20%
first 15 minute increment, or any portion thereof
D9225 administration of general anesthesia with advanced airway – $0 20%
each subsequent 15 minute increment, or any portion thereof
D9230 administration of nitrous oxide $0 20%
D9239 administration of moderate sedation – intravenous ‑ first 15 $0 20%
minute increment, or any portion thereof
D9243 administration of moderate sedation – intravenous ‑ each $0 20%
subsequent 15 minute increment, or any portion thereof
D9244 in‑office administration of minimal sedation – single drug – $0 20%
enteral
D9245 administration of moderate sedation – enteral $0 20%
D9246 administration of moderate sedation – non‑intravenous $0 20%
parenteral – first 15 minute increment, or any portion thereof

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS) 83
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
CDT Code Description In Network Out‑of‑
Network
D9247 administration of moderate sedation – non‑intravenous $0 20%
parenteral – each subsequent 15 minute increment, or any
portion thereof
D9310 consultation ‑ diagnostic service provided by dentist or $0 20%
physician other than requesting dentist or physician
D9311 consultation with a medical health care professional $0 20%
D9410 house/extended care facility call $0 20%
D9420 hospital or ambulatory surgical center call $0 20%
D9430 office visit for observation (during regularly scheduled hours) ‑ $0 20%
no other services performed
D9440 office visit ‑ after regularly scheduled hours $0 20%
D9450 case presentation, subsequent to detailed and extensive $0 20%
treatment planning
D9610 therapeutic parenteral drug, single administration $0 20%
D9612 therapeutic parenteral drugs, two or more administrations, $0 20%
different medications
D9613 infiltration of sustained release therapeutic drug, per quadrant $0 20%
D9630 drugs or medicaments dispensed in the office for home use $0 20%
D9910 application of desensitizing medicament $0 20%
D9911 application of desensitizing resin for cervical and/or root $0 20%
surface, per tooth
D9912 pre‑visit patient screening $0 20%
D9920 behavior management, by report $0 20%
D9930 treatment of complications (post‑surgical) ‑ unusual $0 20%
circumstances, by report
D9932 cleaning and inspection of removable complete denture, $0 20%
maxillary
D9933 cleaning and inspection of removable complete denture, $0 20%
mandibular
D9934 cleaning and inspection of removable partial denture, maxillary $0 20%
D9935 cleaning and inspection of removable partial denture, $0 20%
mandibular
D9936 cleaning and inspection of occlusal guard – per appliance $0 20%
D9938 fabrication of a custom removable clear plastic temporary $0 20%
aesthetic appliance

84 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
CDT Code Description In Network Out‑of‑
Network
D9939 placement of a custom removable clear plastic temporary $0 20%
aesthetic appliance
D9941 fabrication of athletic mouthguard $0 20%
D9942 repair and/or reline of occlusal guard $0 20%
D9943 occlusal guard adjustment $0 20%
D9944 occlusal guard – hard appliance, full arch $0 20%
D9945 occlusal guard – soft appliance, full arch $0 20%
D9946 occlusal guard – hard appliance, partial arch $0 20%
D9947 custom sleep apnea appliance fabrication and placement $0 20%
D9948 adjustment of custom sleep apnea appliance $0 20%
D9949 repair of custom sleep apnea appliance $0 20%
D9950 occlusion analysis ‑ mounted case $0 20%
D9951 occlusal adjustment ‑ limited $0 20%
D9952 occlusal adjustment ‑ complete $0 20%
D9953 reline custom sleep apnea appliance (indirect) $0 20%
D9954 fabrication and delivery of oral appliance therapy (OAT) $0 20%
morning repositioning device
D9955 oral appliance therapy (OAT) titration visit $0 20%
D9970 enamel microabrasion $0 20%
D9971 odontoplasty ‑ per tooth $0 20%
D9992 dental case management care coordination $0 20%
D9993 dental case management motivational interviewing $0 20%
D9994 dental case management patient education to improve oral $0 20%
health literacy
D9995 teledentistry – synchronous; real‑time encounter $0 20%
D9996 teledentistry – asynchronous; information stored and $0 20%
forwarded to dentist for subsequent review
D9997 dental case management ‑ patients with special health care $0 20%
needs
Out‑of‑pocket costs
You will be responsible for payment of services and charges billed by a provider that exceed coverage
limitations. You may also be required to pay your cost share at the time of service. Billing arrangements
are between you and the provider. In addition, if you obtain services from a dental provider that is not part

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS) 85
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
of our network, you may be required to pay up to the cost of the service at the time services are provided.
And then submit for reimbursement. The reimbursement request will be reviewed and a decision will be
made based upon the information provided. Reimbursement is not guaranteed. You can submit a Medical
Member Reimbursement Form to Aetna Medicare, PO Box 981106, El Paso, TX 79998‑1106. You can get
this form by calling Member Services or you can fill out and submit the form online at
AetnaMedicare.com/forms. In addition, if you obtain services from a dental provider that is not part of
our network, you will be responsible for payment of the full cost of the services.
Limitations & Exclusions
1. Coverage is limited to the services and service frequencies listed in the Schedule of Benefits. If a
service is not listed, it is not covered.
2. Any dental services received outside of the U.S. or U.S. territories are not covered under the
supplemental dental benefit.
3. Fees related to missed appointments, preparing or copying dental reports, duplication of x rays,
itemized bills or claim forms are not covered.
4. Treatment for injuries or conditions covered by Workers’ Compensation or employer liability laws,
and treatment provided without cost to you by any municipality, county, or other political subdivision
is not covered.
5. Treatment as a result of civil insurrection, duty as a member of the armed forces of any state or
country, engaging in an act of declared or undeclared war, intentional or unintentional nuclear
explosion or other release of nuclear energy, whether in peacetime or wartime, is not covered.
6. Any treatment covered under an individual or group medical plan, auto insurance, no fault auto
insurance or uninsured motorist policy, to the extent permitted by federal or state statute, is not
covered.
7. Orthodontic and all orthodontic related services are not covered
8. Implants and all implant related services are not covered
9. Maxillofacial prosthetics are not covered
10. Dental services performed for cosmetic and/or aesthetic reasons are not covered
11. Tooth bleaching and/or enamel microabrasion services are not covered
12. Unspecified services by report (Dental codes: D##99) are not covered
13. Dental services related to temporomandibular joint syndrome (TMJ) are not covered, unless the
related dental code is listed in the schedule of benefits
14. Elective services are not covered
15. General anesthesia or conscious sedation is not a covered service unless it is based on clinical
review of documentation provided and administered by a dentist or health care practitioner in
conjunction with covered oral surgical procedures, periodontal and osseous surgical procedures, or
periarticular surgical procedures for covered services.
16. Altering vertical dimension of teeth, or restoration/maintenance of occlusion including bite
registration or bite analysis are not covered.
17. Splinting teeth, including multiple abutments, or any services to stabilize periodontally weakened
teeth are not covered.
18. Replacing tooth structures lost as a result of abrasion, attrition, erosion or abfraction are not
covered.
19. Plan frequency limitations will still apply when there is a replacement of a device or appliance that is
lost, missing, stolen, or damaged due to abuse, misuse or neglect.
20. Dental procedures are only covered when performed by a dentist licensed in the US or any US
territory.
21. Periodontal maintenance is not covered unless there is a history of scaling and root planing or
surgical periodontal therapy.
22. Denture adjustments performed within 6 months of denture placement/installation, reline, or rebase
are not covered.
23. Denture reline and rebase, if listed as covered in your schedule of benefits, performed within 6

86 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
months following the placement of a complete or immediate denture are not covered.
24. Tissue conditioning performed within 6 months of denture placement, reline, or rebase are not
covered.
25. For covered dental procedures listed in your schedule of benefits, the treatment date for billing
purposes is defined by completion of specific procedures.
For removable dentures (complete and partial), this is the delivery date. For inlays, onlays, crowns,
veneers and bridges, it's the date of final cementation. For root canals, it's the date the final fill is
placed.
26. Procedures that are considered experimental, investigational or unproven are not covered. This
includes pharmacological regimens not accepted by the American Dental Association Council on
dental therapeutics.
27. If this policy is terminated or the covered dental services for this plan change, this plan will not cover
ongoing care or treatment. This includes all multi‑appointment procedures.
28. Services and supplies provided in connection with treatment or care that is not covered under the
plan are not covered.
Medical Necessity
Your plan covers clinically appropriate dental care services. This is a requirement for you to receive a
covered benefit under this plan. Dental care services that we determine a provider using prudent clinical
judgment would provide to a patient for the purpose of preventing, evaluating, diagnosing or treating an
illness, injury, disease or its symptoms, and that we determine are:
1. Clinically appropriate, in terms of type, frequency, extent, site and duration, and considered
effective for the patient’s illness, injury or disease
2. Not primarily for the convenience of the patient, dentist, or other health care provider
3. Not more costly than an alternative service or sequence of services at least as likely to produce the
same benefit or diagnostic results for the diagnosis or treatment of that patient’s illness, injury or
disease.
Medical necessity is determined using criteria that are:
• Consistent with generally accepted standards of medical and dental practice
• Based on evidence from peer‑reviewed literature and clinical guidelines
• Applied uniformly and without regard to cost considerations
Alternate Benefits
The alternate benefit provision applies when more than one dental service is suitable to treat a dental
condition. In these cases, Aetna will cover the lower‑cost treatment option (alternate benefit). That means
you are responsible for any coinsurance amounts applicable to the alternate benefit, plus any difference in
cost between the alternate benefit and the actual service received. To ensure you understand your
treatment options and costs, you can work with your dental provider to submit an advance claim review.
An advance claim review
The purpose of an advance claim review is to provide an estimate, of what we may pay for proposed
services. Knowing ahead of time which services are eligible dental services and what your plan may pay
helps you and your dentist make informed decisions about the care you are considering. The estimate is
not a guarantee of coverage and payment. In estimating the amount of benefits payable, we will look at
alternate procedures, services, or courses of treatment for the dental condition in question in order to
meet the expected result. The estimate is voluntary.
When to get an advance claim review
To understand your cost share for a course of dental treatment you can request an advance claim review.
Here are the steps for getting an advance claim review:

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS) 87
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
1. Ask your dentist to write down a full description of the treatment you need. They must either use an
Aetna claim form or an American Dental Association (ADA) approved claim form.
2. Your dentist should send the form to us before treating you.
3. We may request supporting images and other diagnostic records.
4. Once all of the information has been gathered, we will review the proposed treatment plan and
provide you and your dentist with a statement outlining the estimated benefits payable and your
out‑of‑pocket costs.
5. You and your dentist can then decide how to proceed.
What is a course of dental treatment? A course of dental treatment is a planned program of one or more
services or supplies. The services or supplies are provided by one or more dentists to treat a dental
condition that was diagnosed by the attending dentist as a result of an oral examination. A course of
treatment starts on the date your dentist first renders a service to correct or treat the diagnosed dental
condition.
Section 2.1 Get care using our plan’s optional visitor/traveler benefit
When you are continuously absent from our plan’s service area for more than 6 months, we usually must
disenroll you from our plan. However, we offer as a supplemental benefit a visitor/traveler program that is
available within the United States (except California) that will allow you to stay enrolled in our plan when
you’re in the visitor/traveler area and outside of our plan’s service area for up to 12 months. This program
is available to all Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO‑POS) members who are temporarily in the visitor/traveler
area and outside our plan’s service area. Under our visitor/traveler program you can get all plan‑covered
services at in‑network cost sharing when you see a network provider. You must select a PCP in the
visitor/traveler area in order for services to be covered. In most cases, non‑urgent/non‑emergency care
you receive from an out‑of‑network provider (a provider who is not an Aetna Medicare provider) will not
be covered (See Chapter 3, Section 2.4 for more information). Contact our plan for help in locating a
provider when using the visitor/traveler benefit.
If you’re in the visitor/traveler area and outside the plan’s service area, you can stay enrolled in our plan for
up to 12 months. If you don’t return to our plan’s service area within 12 months, you'll be disenrolled from
the plan. Please be sure to notify us when you will be out of our plan’s service area for more than 6 months.
SECTION 3 Services that aren't covered by our plan (exclusions)
This section tells you what services are excluded from Medicare coverage and therefore, aren’t covered
by this plan.
The chart below lists services and items that either aren’t covered under any condition or are covered only
under specific conditions.
If you get services that are excluded (not covered), you must pay for them yourself, except under the
specific conditions listed below. Even if you get the excluded services at an emergency facility, the
excluded services are still not covered and our plan won’t pay for them. The only exception is if the service
is appealed and decided upon appeal to be a medical service that we should have paid for or covered
because of your specific situation. (For information about appealing a decision we made to not cover a
medical service, go to Chapter 7, Section 5.3.)

88 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
Services not covered by Covered only under specific conditions
Medicare
Acupuncture
• Available for people with chronic low back pain under certain
circumstances.
• Our plan provides some additional coverage for acupuncture as
described in the Medical Benefits Chart.
Cosmetic surgery or
procedures • Covered in cases of an accidental injury or for improvement of the
functioning of a malformed body member.
• Covered for all stages of reconstruction for a breast after a
mastectomy, as well as for the unaffected breast to produce a
symmetrical appearance.
Custodial care Not covered under any condition.
Custodial care is personal care
that doesn’t require the
continuing attention of trained
medical or paramedical
personnel, such as care that
helps you with activities of
daily living, such as bathing or
dressing.
Experimental medical and
surgical procedures, • May be covered by Original Medicare under a Medicare‑approved
equipment and medications. clinical research study or by our plan.
• (Go to Chapter 3, Section 5 for more information on clinical
Experimental procedures and research studies.)
items are those items and
procedures determined by
Original Medicare to not be
generally accepted by the
medical community.
Fees charged for care by Not covered under any condition.
your immediate relatives or
members of your household.
Full‑time nursing care in your Not covered under any condition.
home.
Home‑delivered meals
• Our plan provides some coverage for home‑delivered meals as
described in the Medical Benefits Chart.
Homemaker services include Not covered under any condition.
basic household help,
including light housekeeping
or light meal preparation.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS) 89
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
Services not covered by Covered only under specific conditions
Medicare
Naturopath services (uses Not covered under any condition.
natural or alternative
treatments).
Non‑routine dental care
• Dental care required to treat illness or injury may be covered as
inpatient or outpatient care.
Orthopedic shoes or
supportive devices for the • Shoes that are part of a leg brace and are included in the cost of
feet the brace. Orthopedic or therapeutic shoes for people with diabetic
foot disease.
Personal items in your room Not covered under any condition.
at a hospital or a skilled
nursing facility, such as a
telephone or a television.
Private room in a hospital
• Covered only when medically necessary.
Reversal of sterilization Not covered under any condition.
procedures and or
non‑prescription
contraceptive supplies.
Routine chiropractic care
• Manual manipulation of the spine to correct a subluxation is
covered.
Routine dental care, such as
cleanings, fillings or • Our plan provides some coverage for dental services as described
dentures. in the Medical Benefits Chart.
Routine eye examinations,
eyeglasses, radial • One pair of eyeglasses with standard frames (or one set of contact
keratotomy, LASIK surgery, lenses) covered after each cataract surgery that implants an
and other low vision aids. intraocular lens.
• Routine eye exams: Our plan provides some coverage for routine
eye exams as described in the Medical Benefits Chart.
• Eyewear: Our plan provides some additional coverage for eyewear
as described in the Medical Benefits Chart.
Routine foot care
• Our plan provides some coverage for routine foot care as
described in the Medical Benefits Chart.

90 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
Services not covered by Covered only under specific conditions
Medicare
Routine hearing exams,
hearing aids, or exams to fit • Routine hearing exams: Our plan provides some coverage for
hearing aids. routine hearing exams as described in the Medical Benefits Chart.
• Hearing aid fitting and evaluations: Our plan provides some
coverage for hearing aid fitting and evaluations as described in the
Medical Benefits Chart.
• Hearing aids: Our plan provides some coverage for hearing aids as
described in the Medical Benefits Chart.
Services considered not Not covered under any condition.
reasonable and necessary,
according to Original
Medicare standards

CHAPTER 5:
Asking us to pay our share of a bill for covered
medical services
SECTION 1 Situations when you should ask us to pay our share for covered services
Sometimes when you get medical care, you may need to pay the full cost. Other times, you may find you
pay more than you expected under the coverage rules of our plan, or you may get a bill from a provider. In
these cases, you can ask our plan to pay you back (reimburse you). It’s your right to be paid back by our
plan whenever you’ve paid more than your share of the cost for medical services covered by our plan.
There may be deadlines that you must meet to get paid back. Go to Section 2 of this chapter.
There may also be times when you get a bill from a provider for the full cost of medical care you got or for
more than your share of cost sharing. First, try to resolve the bill with the provider. If that doesn’t work,
send the bill to us instead of paying it. We’ll look at the bill and decide whether the services should be
covered. If we decide they should be covered, we’ll pay the provider directly. If we decide not to pay it,
we’ll notify the provider. You should never pay more than plan‑allowed cost sharing. If this provider is
contracted, you still have the right to treatment.
Examples of situations in which you may need to ask our plan to pay you back or to pay a bill you got:
1. When you got emergency or urgently needed medical care from a provider who’s not in our
plan’s network
Outside the service area, you can get emergency or urgently needed services from any provider,
whether or not the provider is a part of our network. In these cases,
• You’re only responsible for paying your share of the cost for emergency or urgently needed
services. Emergency providers are legally required to provide emergency care.
• If you pay the entire amount yourself at the time you get the care, ask us to pay you back for
our share of the cost. Send us the bill, along with documentation of any payments you made.
• You may get a bill from the provider asking for payment you think you don’t owe. Send us this
bill, along with documentation of any payments you already made.
If the provider is owed anything, we’ll pay the provider directly.
○
If you already paid more than your share of the cost of the service, we’ll determine how
○
much you owed and pay you back for our share of the cost.
2. When a network provider sends you a bill you think you shouldn’t pay
Network providers should always bill our plan directly and ask you only for your share of the cost.
But sometimes they make mistakes and ask you to pay more than your share.
• You only have to pay your cost‑sharing amount when you get covered services. We don’t
allow providers to add additional separate charges, called balance billing. This protection
(that you never pay more than your cost‑sharing amount) applies even if we pay the provider
less than the provider charges for a service and even if there’s a dispute and we don’t pay
certain provider charges.
• Whenever you get a bill from a network provider you think is more than you should pay, send
us the bill. We’ll contact the provider directly and resolve the billing problem.
• If you already paid a bill to a network provider, but feel you paid too much, send us the bill
along with documentation of any payment you made and ask us to pay you back the
difference between the amount you paid and the amount you owed under our plan.

92 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS)
Chapter 5. Asking us to pay our share of a bill for covered medical services
3. If you’re retroactively enrolled in our plan
Sometimes a person’s enrollment in our plan is retroactive. (This means that the first day of their
enrollment has already passed. The enrollment date may even have occurred last year.)
If you were retroactively enrolled in our plan and you paid out‑of‑pocket for any of your covered
services after your enrollment date, you can ask us to pay you back for our share of the costs. You
need to submit paperwork such as receipts and bills for us to handle the reimbursement.
When you send us a request for payment, we'll review your request and decide whether the service or
drug should be covered. This is called making a coverage decision. If we decide it should be covered,
we'll pay for our share of the cost for the service or drug. If we deny your request for payment, you can
appeal our decision. Chapter 7 has information about how to make an appeal.
SECTION 2 How to ask us to pay you back or pay a bill you got
You can ask us to pay you back by sending us a request in writing. If you send a request in writing, send
your bill and documentation of any payment you have made. It’s a good idea to make a copy of your bill
and receipts for your records. You must submit your medical and Part B vaccine claims to us within 12
months of the date you got the service, item, or Part B drug.
To make sure you’re giving us all the information we need to make a decision, you can fill out our claim
form to make your request for payment.
• You don’t have to use the form, but it’ll help us process the information faster. The form requires you
to provide information such as: name, address, Aetna ID number, provider name, provider NPI
(national provider identifier), provider TIN (taxpayer identification number), provider address, date of
service, reimbursement type, description of service(s), and charge(s).
• Download a copy of the form from our website (AetnaMedicare.com) or call Member Services at
1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users call 711) and ask for the form.
For medical claims (including vaccines for preventing COVID‑19, Flu/influenza, Pneumonia): Mail your
request for payment together with any bills or paid receipts to us at this address:
Aetna Medicare
PO Box 981106
El Paso, TX 79998‑1106
SECTION 3 We’ll consider your request for payment and say yes or no
When we get your request for payment, we’ll let you know if we need any additional information from you.
Otherwise, we'll consider your request and make a coverage decision.
• If we decide the medical care is covered and you followed all the rules, we’ll pay for our share of the
cost. If you already paid for the service, we’ll mail your reimbursement of our share of the cost to
you. If you haven’t paid for the service yet, we’ll mail the payment directly to the provider.
• If we decide that the medical care is not covered, or you did not follow all the rules, we won’t pay for
our share of the cost. We’ll send you a letter explaining the reasons why we aren’t sending the
payment and your rights to appeal that decision.
Section 3.1 If we tell you we won’t pay for all or part of the medical care, you can make an
appeal

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS) 93
Chapter 5. Asking us to pay our share of a bill for covered medical services
If you think we made a mistake in turning down your request for payment or the amount we’re paying, you
can make an appeal. If you make an appeal, it means you’re asking us to change the decision we made
when we turned down your request for payment. The appeals process is a formal process with detailed
procedures and important deadlines. For the details on how to make this appeal, go to Chapter 7.

CHAPTER 6:
Your rights and responsibilities
SECTION 1 Our plan must honor your rights and cultural sensitivities
Section 1.1 We must provide information in a way that works for you and consistent with
your cultural sensitivities (in languages other than English, braille, large print, or
other alternate formats, etc.)
Our plan is required to ensure that all services, both clinical and non‑clinical, are provided in a culturally
competent manner and are accessible to all enrollees, including those with limited English proficiency,
limited reading skills, hearing incapacity, or those with diverse cultural and ethnic backgrounds. Examples
of how our plan may meet these accessibility requirements include but aren’t limited to provision of
translator services, interpreter services, teletypewriters, or TTY (text telephone or teletypewriter phone)
connection.
Our plan has free interpreter services available to answer questions from non‑English speaking members.
We can also give you information in languages other than English including Spanish, and braille, in large
print, or other alternate formats at no cost if you need it. We’re required to give you information about our
plan’s benefits in a format that’s accessible and appropriate for you. To get information from us in a way
that works for you, call Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users call 711).
Our plan is required to give female enrollees the option of direct access to a women’s health specialist
within the network for women’s routine and preventive health care services.
If providers in our plan’s network for a specialty aren’t available, it’s our plan’s responsibility to locate
specialty providers outside the network who will provide you with the necessary care. In this case, you’ll
only pay in‑network cost sharing. If you find yourself in a situation where there are no specialists in our
plan’s network that cover a service you need, call our plan for information on where to go to get this
service at in‑network cost sharing.
If you have any trouble getting information from our plan in a format that’s accessible and appropriate for
you, seeing a women’s health specialist or finding a network specialist, call to file a grievance with
Member Services (phone numbers are printed on the back cover of this document). You can also call to
file a complaint with Medicare by calling 1‑800‑MEDICARE (1‑800‑633‑4227) or directly with the Office for
Civil Rights 1‑800‑368‑1019 or TTY 1‑800‑537‑7697.
Sección 1.1
Debemos proporcionarle información de una manera que sea conveniente para
usted y compatible con sus sensibilidades culturales (en otros idiomas además
de español, en braille, en tamaño de letra grande o en otros formatos
alternativos, etc.).
Nuestro plan está obligado a garantizar que todos los servicios, tanto clínicos como no clínicos, se presten
de forma culturalmente competente y sean accesibles a todos los inscritos, incluidos los que tienen un
dominio limitado del inglés, una capacidad limitada de lectura, una incapacidad auditiva o un origen
cultural y étnico diverso. Entre los ejemplos de cómo nuestro plan puede cumplir con estos requisitos de
accesibilidad se incluyen, entre otros, proveer servicios de traducción, servicios de interpretación,
teletipos o TTY (teléfono o teléfono de teletipo).
Nuestro plan cuenta con servicios de interpretación gratuitos disponibles para responder las preguntas de
los miembros que no hablan inglés. También podemos brindarle información en otros idiomas además de
inglés, incluido español y braille, en letra grande u otros formatos alternativos, sin costo alguno si lo
necesita. Tenemos la obligación de brindarle información sobre los beneficios de nuestro plan en un
formato que sea accesible y apropiado para usted. Para obtener información nuestra de una manera que
sea conveniente para usted, llame a Servicios para Miembros al 1‑833‑570‑6670 (los usuarios de TTY

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS) 95
Chapter 6. Your rights and responsibilities
deben llamar al 711).
Nuestro plan está obligado a brindar a las mujeres inscritas la opción de acceso directo a un especialista
en salud de la mujer dentro de la red para servicios de atención médica preventiva y de rutina para las
mujeres.
Si no hay proveedores de una especialidad disponibles en la red de nuestro plan, es responsabilidad de
nuestro plan localizar proveedores especializados fuera de la red que le proporcionen la atención
necesaria. En este caso, usted solo pagará el costo compartido dentro de la red. Si se encuentra en una
situación en la que no hay especialistas en la red de nuestro plan que cubran el servicio que necesita,
llame al plan para obtener información sobre dónde puede obtener este servicio al costo compartido
dentro de la red.
Si tiene algún problema para obtener información de nuestro plan en un formato que sea accesible y
apropiado para usted, para consultar a un especialista en salud de la mujer o para encontrar un
especialista de la red, llame para presentar una queja ante el Servicio para Miembros al 1‑833‑570‑6670
(los usuarios de TTY deben llamar al 711). También puede presentar un reclamo ante Medicare llamando
al 1‑800‑MEDICARE (1‑800‑633‑4227) o directamente ante la Oficina de Derechos Civiles llamando al
1‑800‑368‑1019 o, si es usuario de TTY, al 1‑800‑537‑7697.
Section 1.2 We must ensure you get timely access to covered services
You have the right to choose a primary care provider (PCP) in our plan’s network to provide and arrange
for your covered services. We don't require you to get referrals to go to network providers.
You have the right to get appointments and covered services from our plan’s network of providers within a
reasonable amount of time. This includes the right to get timely services from specialists when you need
that care.
If you think you aren’t getting your medical care within a reasonable amount of time, Chapter 7 tells what
you can do.
Section 1.3 We must protect the privacy of your personal health information
Federal and state laws protect the privacy of your medical records and personal health information. We
protect your personal health information as required by these laws.
• Your personal health information includes the personal information you gave us when you enrolled
in this plan as well as your medical records and other medical and health information.
• You have rights related to your information and controlling how your health information is used. We
give you a written notice, called a Notice of Privacy Practice, that tells about these rights and
explains how we protect the privacy of your health information.
How do we protect the privacy of your health information?
• We make sure that unauthorized people don’t see or change your records.
• Except for the circumstances noted below, if we intend to give your health information to anyone
who isn’t providing your care or paying for your care, we’re required to get written permission from
you or someone you have given legal power to make decisions for you first.
• There are certain exceptions that don’t require us to get your written permission first. These
exceptions are allowed or required by law.
We’re required to release health information to government agencies that are checking on
○

96 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS)
Chapter 6. Your rights and responsibilities
quality of care.
Because you’re a member of our plan through Medicare, we’re required to give Medicare your
○
health information. If Medicare releases your information for research or other uses, this will
be done according to federal statutes and regulations; typically, this requires that information
that uniquely identifies you not be shared.
You can see the information in your records and know how it’s been shared with others
You have the right to look at your medical records held by our plan, and to get a copy of your records.
We’re allowed to charge you a fee for making copies. You also have the right to ask us to make additions
or corrections to your medical records. If you ask us to do this, we’ll work with your health care provider to
decide whether the changes should be made.
You have the right to know how your health information has been shared with others for any purposes that
aren’t routine. You have the right to make recommendations regarding our organizations member rights
and responsibilities policy.
If you have questions or concerns about the privacy of your personal health information, call Member
Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users call 711).
Section 1.4 We must give you information about our plan, our network of providers, and your
covered services
As a member of Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO‑POS), you have the right to get several kinds of information
from us.
If you want any of the following kinds of information, call Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users
call 711):
• Information about our plan. This includes, for example, information about our plan’s financial
condition.
• Information about our network providers. You have the right to get information about the
qualifications of the providers in our network and how we pay the providers in our network.
• Information about your coverage and the rules you must follow when using your coverage.
Chapters 3 and 4 provide information regarding medical services.
• Information about why something is not covered and what you can do about it. Chapter 7
provides information on asking for a written explanation on why a medical service isn’t covered or if
your coverage is restricted. Chapter 7 also provides information on asking us to change a decision,
also called an appeal.
• Information from interpreters. Our plan interpreter services are available in all languages including
American Sign Language. Interpreter services are available for on‑site interpretation during a
medical appointment. If you require these services, please contact Member Services at least two
weeks in advance of your scheduled appointment.
Section 1.5 You have the right to know your treatment options and participate in decisions
about your care
You have the right to get full information from your doctors and other health care providers. Your
providers must explain your medical condition and your treatment choices in a way that you can
understand.
You also have the right to participate fully in decisions about your health care. To help you make decisions
with your doctors about what treatment is best for you, your rights include the following:

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS) 97
Chapter 6. Your rights and responsibilities
• To know about all your choices. You have the right to be told about all treatment options
recommended for your condition, no matter what they cost or whether they’re covered by our plan.
• To know about the risks. You have the right to be told about any risks involved in your care. You
must be told in advance if any proposed medical care or treatment is part of a research experiment.
You always have the choice to refuse any experimental treatments.
• The right to say “no.” You have the right to refuse any recommended treatment. This includes the
right to leave a hospital or other medical facility, even if your doctor advises you not to leave. If you
refuse treatment, you accept full responsibility for what happens to your body as a result.
You have the right to give instructions about what’s to be done if you can’t make medical decisions
for yourself
Sometimes people become unable to make health care decisions for themselves due to accidents or
serious illness. You have the right to say what you want to happen if you’re in this situation. This means, if
you want to, you can:
• Fill out a written form to give someone the legal authority to make medical decisions for you if you
ever become unable to make decisions for yourself.
• Give your doctors written instructions about how you want them to handle your medical care if
you become unable to make decisions for yourself.
Legal documents you can use to give directions in advance in these situations are called advance
directives. Documents like a living will and power of attorney for health care are examples of advance
directives.
How to set up an advance directive to give instructions:
• Get a form. You can get an advance directive form from your lawyer, a social worker, or some office
supply stores. You can sometimes get advance directive forms from organizations that give people
information about Medicare. You can also call Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users call
711) to ask for the forms.
• Fill out the form and sign it. No matter where you get this form, it’s a legal document. Consider
having a lawyer help you prepare it.
• Give copies of the form to the right people. Give a copy of the form to your doctor and to the
person you name on the form who can make decisions for you if you can’t. You may want to give
copies to close friends or family members. Keep a copy at home.
If you know ahead of time that you’re going to be hospitalized, and you signed an advance directive, take
a copy with you to the hospital.
• The hospital will ask whether you signed an advance directive form and whether you have it with
you.
• If you didn’t sign an advance directive form, the hospital has forms available and will ask if you want
to sign one.
Filling out an advance directive is your choice (including whether you want to sign one if you’re in the
hospital). According to law, no one can deny you care or discriminate against you based on whether or not
you signed an advance directive.
If your instructions aren’t followed
If you sign an advance directive, and you believe that a doctor or hospital didn't follow the instructions in it,
you can file a complaint with the state agency that oversees advance directives. To find the appropriate
agency in your state, contact your State Health Insurance Assistance Program (SHIP). Contact information
is in Appendix A at the back of this document.

98 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS)
Chapter 6. Your rights and responsibilities
Section 1.6 You have the right to make complaints and ask us to reconsider decisions we
made
If you have any problems, concerns, or complaints and need to ask for coverage or make an appeal,
Chapter 7 of this document tells what you can do. Whatever you do – ask for a coverage decision, make an
appeal, or make a complaint — we’re required to treat you fairly.
Section 1.7 If you believe you’re being treated unfairly or your rights aren’t being respected
If you believe you’ve been treated unfairly or your rights haven’t been respected due to your race,
disability, religion, sex, health, ethnicity, creed (beliefs), age, or national origin, call the Department of
Health and Human Services’ Office for Civil Rights at 1‑800‑368‑1019 (TTY users call 1‑800‑537‑7697),
or call your local Office for Civil Rights.
If you believe you’ve been treated unfairly or your rights haven’t been respected, and it’s not about
discrimination, you can get help dealing with the problem you’re having from these places:
• Call Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users call 711)
• Call your local SHIP. Phone numbers are listed in Appendix A at the back of this document.
• Call Medicare at 1‑800‑MEDICARE (1‑800‑633‑4227), (TTY users call 1‑877‑486‑2048)
Section 1.8 How to get more information about your rights
Get more information about your rights from these places:
• Call Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users call 711)
• Call your local SHIP. Phone numbers are listed in Appendix A at the back of this document.
• Contact Medicare.
Visit www.Medicare.gov to read the publication Medicare Rights & Protections (available at:
○
www.medicare.gov/publications/11534-medicare-rights-and-protections.pdf.)
Call 1‑800‑MEDICARE (1‑800‑633‑4227) (TTY users call 1‑877‑486‑2048)
○
SECTION 2 Your responsibilities as a member of our plan
Things you need to do as a member of our plan are listed below. For questions, call Member Services at
1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users call 711).
• Get familiar with your covered services and the rules you must follow to get these covered
services. Use this Evidence of Coverage to learn what’s covered and the rules you need to follow to
get covered services.
Chapters 3 and 4 give details about medical services.
○
• If you have any other health coverage in addition to our plan, or separate prescription drug
coverage, you’re required to tell us. Chapter 1 tells you about coordinating these benefits.
• Tell your doctor and other health care providers that you’re enrolled in our plan. Show our plan
membership card whenever you get medical care.
• Help your doctors and other providers help you by giving them information, asking questions,
and following through on your care.
To help get the best care, tell your doctors and other health providers about your health
○
problems. Follow the treatment plans and instructions you and your doctors agree on.
Make sure your doctors know all the drugs you’re taking, including over‑the‑counter drugs,
○
vitamins, and supplements.
If you have questions, be sure to ask and get an answer you can understand.
○

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS) 99
Chapter 6. Your rights and responsibilities
• Be considerate. We expect our members to respect the rights of other patients. We also expect you
to act in a way that helps the smooth running of your doctor’s office, hospitals, and other offices.
• Pay what you owe. As a plan member, you’re responsible for these payments:
You must continue to pay your Medicare Part B premiums to stay a member of our plan.
○
For most of your medical services covered by our plan, you must pay your share of the cost
○
when you get the service.
• If you move within our plan service area, we need to know so we can keep your membership
record up to date and know how to contact you.
• If you move outside our plan service area, you can’t stay a member of our plan.
• If you move, tell Social Security (or the Railroad Retirement Board).

CHAPTER 7:
If you have a problem or complaint (coverage
decisions, appeals, complaints)
SECTION 1 What to do if you have a problem or concern
This chapter explains 2 types of processes for handling problems and concerns:
• For some problems, you need to use the process for coverage decisions and appeals.
• For other problems, you need to use the process for making complaints (also called grievances).
Both processes have been approved by Medicare. Each process has a set of rules, procedures, and
deadlines that must be followed by us and by you.
The information in this chapter will help you identify the right process to use and what to do.
Section 1.1 Legal terms
There are legal terms for some of the rules, procedures, and types of deadlines explained in this chapter.
Many of these terms are unfamiliar to most people. To make things easier, this chapter uses more familiar
words in place of some legal terms.
However, it’s sometimes important to know the correct legal terms. To help you know which terms to use
to get the right help or information, we include these legal terms when we give details for handling specific
situations.
SECTION 2 Where to get more information and personalized help
We're always available to help you. Even if you have a complaint about our treatment of you, we're
obligated to honor your right to complain. You should always call Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670
(TTY users call 711) for help. In some situations, you may always want help or guidance from someone who
isn't connected with us. Two organizations that can help you are:
State Health Insurance Assistance Program (SHIP)
Each state has a government program with trained counselors. The program is not connected with us or
with any insurance company or health plan. The counselors at this program can help you understand
which process you should use to handle a problem you’re having. They can also answer questions, give
you more information, and offer guidance on what to do.
The services of SHIP counselors are free. You will find phone numbers and website URLs in Appendix A at
the back of this document.
Medicare
You can also contact Medicare help.
• Call 1‑800‑MEDICARE (1‑800‑633‑4227). TTY users call 1‑877‑486‑2048.
• Visit Medicare.gov.
SECTION 3 Which process to use for your problem
Is your problem or concern about your benefits or coverage?
This includes problems about whether medical care (medical items, services, and/or Part B drugs)
are covered or not, the way they’re covered, and problems related to payment for medical care.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS) 101
Chapter 7. If you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
Yes.
Go to Section 4, A guide to coverage decisions and appeals.
No.
Go to Section 9, How to make a complaint about quality of care, waiting times, customer
service or other concerns.
Coverage decisions and appeals
SECTION 4 A guide to coverage decisions and appeals
Coverage decisions and appeals deal with problems related to your benefits and coverage for your
medical care (services, items, and Part B drugs, including payment). To keep things simple, we generally
refer to medical items, services, and Medicare Part B drugs as medical care. You use the coverage
decision and appeals process for issues such as whether something is covered or not and the way in
which something is covered.
Asking for coverage decisions before you get services
If you want to know if we’ll cover medical care before you get it, you can ask us to make a coverage
decision for you. A coverage decision is a decision we make about your benefits and coverage or about
the amount we’ll pay for your medical care. For example, if our plan network doctor refers you to a
medical specialist not inside the network, this referral is considered a favorable coverage decision unless
either you or your network doctor can show that you got a standard denial notice for this medical
specialist, or the Evidence of Coverage makes it clear that the referred service is never covered under any
condition. You or your doctor can also contact us and ask for a coverage decision if your doctor is unsure
whether we’ll cover a particular medical service or refuses to provide medical care you think you need.
In limited circumstances a request for a coverage decision will be dismissed, which means we won’t
review the request. Examples of when a request will be dismissed include if the request is incomplete, if
someone makes the request on your behalf but isn’t legally authorized to do so or if you ask for your
request to be withdrawn. If we dismiss a request for a coverage decision, we’ll send a notice explaining
why the request was dismissed and how to ask for a review of the dismissal.
We make a coverage decision whenever we decide what’s covered for you and how much we pay. In
some cases, we might decide medical care isn’t covered or is no longer covered for you. If you disagree
with this coverage decision, you can make an appeal.
Making an appeal
If we make a coverage decision, whether before or after you get a benefit, and you aren’t satisfied, you can
appeal the decision. An appeal is a formal way of asking us to review and change a coverage decision we
made. Under certain circumstances, you can ask for an expedited or fast appeal of a coverage decision.
Your appeal is handled by different reviewers than those who made the original decision.
When you appeal a decision for the first time, this is called a Level 1 appeal. In this appeal, we review the
coverage decision we made to check to see if we properly followed the rules. When we complete the
review, we give you our decision.
In limited circumstances a request for a Level 1 appeal will be dismissed, which means we won’t review the
request. Examples of when a request will be dismissed include if the request is incomplete, if someone

102 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS)
Chapter 7. If you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
makes the request on your behalf but isn’t legally authorized to do so, or if you ask for your request to be
withdrawn. If we dismiss a request for a Level 1 appeal, we’ll send a notice explaining why the request was
dismissed and how to ask for a review of the dismissal.
If we say no to all or part of your Level 1 appeal for medical care, your appeal will automatically go on to a
Level 2 appeal conducted by an independent review organization not connected to us.
• You don’t need to do anything to start a Level 2 appeal. Medicare rules require we automatically
send your appeal for medical care to Level 2 if we don’t fully agree with your Level 1 appeal.
• Go to Section 5.4 for more information about Level 2 appeals.
If you aren’t satisfied with the decision at the Level 2 appeal, you may be able to continue through
additional levels of appeal (this chapter explains the Level 3, 4, and 5 appeals processes).
Section 4.1 Get help asking for a coverage decision or making an appeal
Here are resources if you decide to ask for any kind of coverage decision or appeal a decision:
• Call Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users call 711).
• Get free help from your State Health Insurance Assistance Program (SHIP).
• Your doctor can make a request for you. If your doctor helps with an appeal past Level 2, they
need to be appointed as your representative. Call Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users
call 711) and ask for the Appointment of Representative form. (The form is also available at
www.CMS.gov/Medicare/CMS-Forms/CMS-Forms/downloads/cms1696.pdf.)
For medical care or Part B drugs, your doctor can ask for a coverage decision or a Level 1
○
appeal on your behalf. If your appeal is denied at Level 1, it will be automatically forwarded to
Level 2.
• You can ask someone to act on your behalf. You can name another person to act for you as your
representative to ask for a coverage decision or make an appeal.
If you want a friend, relative, or other person to be your representative, call Member Services
○
at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users call 711) and ask for the Appointment of Representative form.
(The form is also available at www.CMS.gov/Medicare/CMS-Forms/CMS-
Forms/downloads/cms1696.pdf.) This form gives that person permission to act on your
behalf. It must be signed by you and by the person you want to act on your behalf. You must
give us a copy of the signed form.
We can accept an appeal request from a representative without the form, but we can’t
○
complete our review until we get it. If we don’t get the form before our deadline for making a
decision on your appeal, your appeal request will be dismissed. If this happens, we’ll send you
a written notice explaining your right to ask the independent review organization to review our
decision to dismiss your appeal.
• You also have the right to hire a lawyer. You can contact your own lawyer, or get the name of a
lawyer from your local bar association or other referral service. There are groups that will give you
free legal services if you qualify. However, you aren’t required to hire a lawyer to ask for any kind
of coverage decision or appeal a decision.
Section 4.2 Rules and deadlines for different situations
There are 3 different situations that involve coverage decisions and appeals. Each situation has different
rules and deadlines. We give the details for each of these situations:
• Section 5: Medical care: How to ask for a coverage decision or make an appeal
• Section 6: How to ask us to cover a longer inpatient hospital stay if you think you’re being
discharged too soon

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS) 103
Chapter 7. If you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
• Section 7: How to ask us to keep covering certain medical services if you think your coverage is
ending too soon (Applies only to these services: home health care, skilled nursing facility care, and
Comprehensive Outpatient Rehabilitation Facility (CORF) services)
If you’re not sure which information applies to you, call Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users
call 711). You can also get help or information from your State Health Insurance Assistance Program
(SHIP).
SECTION 5 Medical care: How to ask for a coverage decision or make an appeal
Section 5.1 What to do if you have problems getting coverage for medical care or want us to
pay you back for our share of the cost of your care
Your benefits for medical care are described in Chapter 4 in the Medical Benefits Chart. In some cases,
different rules apply to a request for a Part B drug. In those cases, we’ll explain how the rules for Part B
drugs are different from the rules for medical items and services.
This section tells what you can do if you’re in any of the 5 following situations:
1. You aren’t getting certain medical care you want, and you believe this is covered by our plan. Ask
for a coverage decision. Section 5.2.
2. Our plan won’t approve the medical care your doctor or other medical provider wants to give you,
and you believe this care is covered by our plan. Ask for a coverage decision. Section 5.2.
3. You got medical care that you believe should be covered by our plan, but we have said we won’t pay
for this care. Make an appeal. Section 5.3.
4. You got and paid for medical care that you believe should be covered by our plan, and you want to
ask our plan to reimburse you for this care. Send us the bill. Section 5.5.
5. You’re told that coverage for certain medical care you’ve been getting that we previously approved
will be reduced or stopped, and you believe that reducing or stopping this care could harm your
health. Make an appeal. Section 5.3.
Note: If the coverage that will be stopped is for hospital care, home health care, skilled nursing
facility care, or Comprehensive Outpatient Rehabilitation Facility (CORF) services, go to Sections 6
and 7. Special rules apply to these types of care.
Section 5.2 How to ask for a coverage decision
Legal Terms:
A coverage decision that involves your medical care is called an organization determination.
A fast coverage decision is called an expedited determination.
Step 1: Decide if you need a standard coverage decision or a fast coverage decision.
A standard coverage decision is usually made within 7 calendar days when the medical item or
service is subject to our prior authorization rules, 14 calendar days for all other medical items and
services, or 72 hours for Part B drugs. A fast coverage decision is generally made within 72 hours, for
medical services, or 24 hours for Part B drugs. To get a fast coverage decision, you must meet 2
requirements:
• You may only ask for coverage for medical items and/or services (not requests for payment for
items and/or services you already got).

104 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS)
Chapter 7. If you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
• You can get a fast coverage decision only if using the standard deadlines could cause serious harm
to your health or hurt your ability to regain function.
• If your doctor tells us that your health requires a fast coverage decision, we’ll automatically
agree to give you a fast coverage decision.
• If you ask for a fast coverage decision on your own, without your doctor’s support, we’ll decide
whether your health requires that we give you a fast coverage decision. If we don't approve a
fast coverage decision, we'll send you a letter that:
Explains that we’ll use the standard deadlines.
○
Explains that if your doctor asks for the fast coverage decision, we’ll automatically give you a
○
fast coverage decision.
Explains that you can file a fast complaint about our decision to give you a standard coverage
○
decision instead of the fast coverage decision asked for.
Step 2: Ask our plan to make a coverage decision or fast coverage decision.
• Start by calling, writing, or faxing our plan to make your request for us to authorize or provide
coverage for the medical care you want. You, your doctor, or your representative can do this.
Chapter 2 has contact information.
Step 3: We consider your request for medical care coverage and give you our answer.
For standard coverage decisions we use the standard deadlines.
This means we’ll give you an answer within 7 calendar days after we get your request for a medical
item or service that is subject to our prior authorization rules. If your requested medical item or
service is not subject to our prior authorization rules, we’ll give you an answer within 14 calendar
days after we get your request. If your request is for a Part B drug, we’ll give you an answer within 72
hours after we get your request.
• However, if you ask for more time, or if we need more information that may benefit you, we can
take up to 14 more calendar days if your request is for a medical item or service. If we take extra
days, we’ll tell you in writing. We can’t take extra time to make a decision if your request is for a Part
B drug.
• If you believe we shouldn’t take extra days, you can file a fast complaint. We’ll give you an answer to
your complaint as soon as we make the decision. (The process for making a complaint is different
from the process for coverage decisions and appeals. Go to Section 9 of this chapter for information
on complaints.)
For fast coverage decisions we use an expedited timeframe.
A fast coverage decision means we’ll answer within 72 hours if your request is for a medical item or
service. If your request is for a Part B drug, we’ll answer within 24 hours.
• However, if you ask for more time, or if we need more information that may benefit you, we can
take up to 14 more calendar days, if your request is for a medical item or service. If we take extra
days, we’ll tell you in writing. We can’t take extra time to make a decision if your request is for a Part
B drug.
• If you believe we shouldn’t take extra days, you can file a fast complaint. (Go to Section 9 for
information on complaints.) We’ll call you as soon as we make the decision.
• If our answer is no to part or all of what you asked for, we’ll send you a written statement that
explains why we said no.
Step 4: If we say no to your request for coverage for medical care, you can appeal.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS) 105
Chapter 7. If you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
• If we say no, you have the right to ask us to reconsider this decision by making an appeal. This
means asking again to get the medical care coverage you want. If you make an appeal, it means
you’re going on to Level 1 of the appeals process.
Section 5.3 How to make a Level 1 appeal
Legal Terms:
An appeal to our plan about a medical care coverage decision is called a plan reconsideration.
A fast appeal is also called an expedited reconsideration.
Step 1: Decide if you need a standard appeal or a fast appeal.
A standard appeal is usually made within 30 calendar days or 7 calendar days for Part B drugs. A fast
appeal is generally made within 72 hours.
• If you’re appealing a decision we made about coverage for care, you and/or your doctor need to
decide if you need a fast appeal. If your doctor tells us that your health requires a fast appeal, we’ll
give you a fast appeal.
• The requirements for getting a fast appeal are the same as those for getting a fast coverage decision
in Section 5.2.
Step 2: Ask our plan for an appeal or a fast appeal
• If you’re asking for a standard appeal, submit your standard appeal in writing. Chapter 2 has
contact information.
• If you’re asking for a fast appeal, make your appeal in writing or call us. Chapter 2 has contact
information.
• You must make your appeal request within 65 calendar days from the date on the written notice
we sent to tell you our answer on the coverage decision. If you miss this deadline and have a good
reason for missing it, explain the reason your appeal is late when you make your appeal. We may
give you more time to make your appeal. Examples of good cause may include a serious illness that
prevented you from contacting us or if we provided you with incorrect or incomplete information
about the deadline for asking for an appeal.
• You can ask for a copy of the information regarding your medical decision. You and your doctor
may add more information to support your appeal.
Step 3: We consider your appeal and we give you our answer.
• When our plan is reviewing your appeal, we take a careful look at all the information. We check to
see if we were following all the rules when we said no to your request.
• We’ll gather more information if needed and may contact you or your doctor.
Deadlines for a fast appeal
• For fast appeals, we must give you our answer within 72 hours after we get your appeal. We’ll give
you our answer sooner if your health requires us to.
If you ask for more time, or if we need more information that may benefit you, we can take up
○
to 14 more calendar days if your request is for a medical item or service. If we take extra days,
we’ll tell you in writing. We can’t take extra time if your request is for a Part B drug.
If we don’t give you an answer within 72 hours (or by the end of the extended time period if we
○
took extra days), we’re required to automatically send your request to Level 2 of the appeals

106 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS)
Chapter 7. If you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
process, where it will be reviewed by an independent review organization. Section 5.4 explains
the Level 2 appeals process.
• If our answer is yes to part or all of what you asked for, we must authorize or provide the coverage
we agreed to within 72 hours after we get your appeal.
• If our answer is no to part or all of what you asked for, we’ll send you our decision in writing and
automatically forward your appeal to the independent review organization for a Level 2 appeal. The
independent review organization will notify you in writing when it gets your appeal.
Deadlines for a standard appeal
• For standard appeals, we must give you our answer within 30 calendar days after we get your
appeal. If your request is for a Part B drug you didn’t get yet, we’ll give you our answer within 7
calendar days after we get your appeal. We’ll give you our decision sooner if your health condition
requires us to.
However, if you ask for more time, or if we need more information that may benefit you, we
○
can take up to 14 more calendar days if your request is for a medical item or service. If we
take extra days, we’ll tell you in writing. We can’t take extra time to make a decision if your
request is for a Part B drug.
If you believe we shouldn’t take extra days, you can file a fast complaint. When you file a fast
○
complaint, we’ll give you an answer to your complaint within 24 hours. (Go to Section 9 of this
chapter for information on complaints.)
If we don’t give you an answer by the deadline (or by the end of the extended time period),
○
we’ll send your request to a Level 2 appeal, where an independent review organization will
review the appeal. Section 5.4 explains the Level 2 appeal process.
• If our answer is yes to part or all of what you asked for, we must authorize or provide the coverage
within 30 calendar days if your request is for a medical item or service, or within 7 calendar days if
your request is for a Part B drug.
• If our plan says no to part or all of your appeal, we’ll automatically send your appeal to the
independent review organization for a Level 2 appeal.
Section 5.4 The Level 2 appeal process
Legal Term:
The formal name for the independent review organization is the Independent Review Entity. It’s
sometimes called the IRE.
The independent review organization is an independent organization hired by Medicare. It isn’t
connected with us and isn’t a government agency. This organization decides whether the decision we
made is correct or if it should be changed. Medicare oversees its work.
Step 1: The independent review organization reviews your appeal.
• We’ll send the information about your appeal to this organization. This information is called your
case file. You have the right to ask us for a copy of your case file.
• You have a right to give the independent review organization additional information to support your
appeal.
• Reviewers at the independent review organization will take a careful look at all the information about
your appeal.
If you had a fast appeal at Level 1, you’ll also have a fast appeal at Level 2.
• For the fast appeal, the independent review organization must give you an answer to your Level 2
appeal within 72 hours of when it gets your appeal.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS) 107
Chapter 7. If you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
• If your request is for a medical item or service and the independent review organization needs to
gather more information that may benefit you, it can take up to 14 more calendar days. The
independent review organization can’t take extra time to make a decision if your request is for a Part
B drug.
If you had a standard appeal at Level 1, you’ll also have a standard appeal at Level 2.
• For the standard appeal, if your request is for a medical item or service, the independent review
organization must give you an answer to your Level 2 appeal within 30 calendar days of when it
gets your appeal. If your request is for a Part B drug, the independent review organization must give
you an answer to your Level 2 appeal within 7 calendar days of when it gets your appeal.
• If your request is for a medical item or service and the independent review organization needs to
gather more information that may benefit you, it can take up to 14 more calendar days. The
independent review organization can’t take extra time to make a decision if your request is for a Part
B drug.
Step 2: The independent review organization gives you its answer.
The independent review organization will tell you its decision in writing and explain the reasons for it.
• If the independent review organization says yes to part or all of a request for a medical item or
service, we must authorize the medical care coverage within 72 hours or provide the service within
14 calendar days after we get the decision from the independent review organization for standard
requests. For expedited requests, we have 72 hours from the date we receive the decision from the
independent review organization.
• If the independent review organization says yes to part or all of a request for a Part B drug, we
must authorize or provide the Part B drug within 72 hours after we get the decision from the
independent review organization for standard requests. For expedited requests, we have 24
hours from the date we get the decision from the independent review organization.
• If this organization says no to part or all of your appeal, it means they agree with us that your
request (or part of your request) for coverage for medical care shouldn’t be approved. (This is called
upholding the decision or turning down your appeal.) In this case, the independent review
organization will send you a letter that:
Explains the decision.
○
Lets you know about your right to a Level 3 appeal if the dollar value of the medical care
○
coverage meets a certain minimum. The written notice you get from the independent review
organization will tell you the dollar amount you must meet to continue the appeals process.
Tells you how to file a Level 3 appeal.
○
Step 3: If your case meets the requirements, you choose whether you want to take your appeal
further.
• There are 3 additional levels in the appeals process after Level 2 (for a total of 5 levels of appeal). If
you want to go to a Level 3 appeal, the details on how to do this are in the written notice you get after
your Level 2 appeal.
• The Level 3 appeal is handled by an Administrative Law Judge or attorney adjudicator. Section 8
explains the Level 3, 4, and 5 appeals processes.
Section 5.5 If you’re asking us to pay for our share of a bill you got for medical care
Chapter 5 describes when you may need to ask for reimbursement or to pay a bill you got from a provider.
It also tells how to send us the paperwork that asks us for payment.
Asking for reimbursement is asking for a coverage decision from us
If you send us the paperwork asking for reimbursement, you’re asking for a coverage decision. To make

108 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS)
Chapter 7. If you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
this decision, we’ll check to see if the medical care you paid for is covered. We’ll also check to see if you
followed the rules for using your coverage for medical care.
• If we say yes to your request: If the medical care is covered and you followed the rules, we’ll send
you the payment for our share of cost typically within 30 calendar days, but no later than 60
calendar days after we get your request. If you haven’t paid for the medical care, we’ll send the
payment directly to the provider.
• If we say no to your request: If the medical care is not covered, or you did not follow all the rules,
we won’t send payment. Instead, we’ll send you a letter that says we won’t pay for the medical care
and the reasons why.
If you don’t agree with our decision to turn you down, you can make an appeal. If you make an appeal, it
means you’re asking us to change the coverage decision we made when we turned down your request for
payment.
To make this appeal, follow the process for appeals in Section 5.3. For appeals concerning
reimbursement, note:
• We must give you our answer within 60 calendar days after we get your appeal. If you’re asking us to
pay you back for medical care you already got and paid for, you aren’t allowed to ask for a fast
appeal.
• If the independent review organization decides we should pay, we must send you or the provider the
payment within 30 calendar days. If the answer to your appeal is yes at any stage of the appeals
process after Level 2, we must send the payment you asked for to you or the provider within 60
calendar days.
SECTION 6 How to ask us to cover a longer inpatient hospital stay if you think you’re
being discharged too soon
When you’re admitted to a hospital, you have the right to get all covered hospital services necessary to
diagnose and treat your illness or injury.
During your covered hospital stay, your doctor and the hospital staff will work with you to prepare for the
day you leave the hospital. They’ll help arrange for care you may need after you leave.
• The day you leave the hospital is called your discharge date.
• When your discharge date is decided, your doctor or the hospital staff will tell you.
• If you think you’re being asked to leave the hospital too soon, you can ask for a longer hospital stay
and your request will be considered.
Section 6.1 During your inpatient hospital stay, you’ll get a written notice from Medicare that
tells you about your rights
Within 2 calendar days of being admitted to the hospital, you’ll be given a written notice called An
Important Message from Medicare about Your Rights. Everyone with Medicare gets a copy of this notice. If
you don’t get the notice from someone at the hospital (for example, a caseworker or nurse), ask any
hospital employee for it. If you need help, call Member Services at 1‑800‑MEDICARE (1‑800‑633‑4227)
(TTY users call 1‑877‑486‑2048).

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS) 109
Chapter 7. If you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
1. Read this notice carefully and ask questions if you don’t understand it. It tells you:
• Your right to get Medicare‑covered services during and after your hospital stay, as ordered by
your doctor. This includes the right to know what these services are, who will pay for them, and
where you can get them.
• Your right to be involved in any decisions about your hospital stay.
• Where to report any concerns you have about the quality of your hospital care.
• Your right to request an immediate review of the decision to discharge you if you think you’re
being discharged from the hospital too soon. This is a formal, legal way to ask for a delay in your
discharge date so we’ll cover your hospital care for a longer time.
2. You’ll be asked to sign the written notice to show that you got it and understand your rights.
• You or someone who is acting on your behalf will be asked to sign the notice.
• Signing this notice shows only that you got the information about your rights. The notice doesn’t
give your discharge date. Signing the notice doesn’t mean you’re agreeing on a discharge date.
3. Keep your copy of the notice so you have the information about making an appeal (or reporting a
concern about quality of care) if you need it.
• If you sign the notice more than 2 calendar days before your discharge date, you’ll get another
copy before you’re scheduled to be discharged.
• To look at a copy of this notice in advance, call Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users
call 711) or 1‑800‑MEDICARE (1‑800‑633‑4227). TTY users call 1‑877‑486‑2048. You can also
get the notice online at www.CMS.gov/Medicare/forms-notices/beneficiary-notices-
initiative/ffs-ma-im.
Section 6.2 How to make a Level 1 appeal to change your hospital discharge date
To ask us to cover your inpatient hospital services for a longer time, use the appeals process to make this
request. Before you start, understand what you need to do and what the deadlines are.
• Follow the process.
• Meet the deadlines.
• Ask for help if you need it. If you have questions or need help at any time, call Member Services at
1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users call 711). Or call your State Health Insurance Assistance Program
(SHIP), for personalized help. Refer to Appendix A at the back of this document for the name and
contact information of the State Health Insurance Assistance Program (SHIP) in your state.
During a Level 1 appeal, the Quality Improvement Organization reviews your appeal. It checks to see if
your planned discharge date is medically appropriate for you. The Quality Improvement Organization is
a group of doctors and other health care professionals paid by the federal government to check on and
help improve the quality of care for people with Medicare. This includes reviewing hospital discharge
dates for people with Medicare. These experts aren’t part of our plan.
Step 1: Contact the Quality Improvement Organization for your state and ask for an immediate review
of your hospital discharge. You must act quickly.
How can you contact this organization?
• The written notice you got (An Important Message from Medicare About Your Rights) tells you how to
reach this organization. Or find the name, address, and phone number of the Quality Improvement

110 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS)
Chapter 7. If you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
Organization for your state in Appendix A at the back of this document.
Act quickly:
• To make your appeal, you must contact the Quality Improvement Organization before you leave the
hospital and no later than midnight the day of your discharge.
If you meet this deadline, you can stay in the hospital after your discharge date without
○
paying for it while you wait to get the decision from the Quality Improvement Organization.
If you don’t meet this deadline, contact us. If you decide to stay in the hospital after your
○
planned discharge date, you may have to pay all the costs for hospital care you get after your
planned discharge date.
• Once you ask for an immediate review of your hospital discharge, the Quality Improvement
Organization will contact us. By noon of the day after we’re contacted, we’ll give you a Detailed
Notice of Discharge. This notice gives your planned discharge date and explains in detail the
reasons why your doctor, the hospital, and we think it’s right (medically appropriate) for you to be
discharged on that date.
• You can get a sample of the Detailed Notice of Discharge by calling Member Services at
1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users call 711) or 1‑800‑MEDICARE (1‑800‑633‑4227) TTY users call
1‑877‑486‑2048. Or you can get a sample notice online at www.CMS.gov/Medicare/forms-
notices/beneficiary-notices-initiative/ffs-ma-im.
Step 2: The Quality Improvement Organization conducts an independent review of your case.
• Health professionals at the Quality Improvement Organization (the reviewers) will ask you (or your
representative) why you believe coverage for the services should continue. You don’t have to
prepare anything in writing, but you can if you want.
• The reviewers will also look at your medical information, talk with your doctor, and review
information that we and the hospital gave them.
• By noon of the day after the reviewers told us of your appeal, you’ll get a written notice from us that
gives your planned discharge date. This notice also explains in detail the reasons why your doctor,
the hospital, and we think it’s right (medically appropriate) for you to be discharged on that date.
Step 3: Within one full day after it has all the needed information, the Quality Improvement
Organization will give you its answer to your appeal.
What happens if the answer is yes?
• If the independent review organization says yes, we must keep providing your covered inpatient
hospital services for as long as these services are medically necessary.
• You’ll have to keep paying your share of the costs (such as deductibles or copayments, if these
apply). In addition, there may be limitations on your covered hospital services.
What happens if the answer is no?
• If the independent review organization says no, they’re saying that your planned discharge date is
medically appropriate. If this happens, our coverage for your inpatient hospital services will
end at noon on the day after the Quality Improvement Organization gives you its answer to your
appeal.
• If the independent review organization says no to your appeal and you decide to stay in the hospital,
you may have to pay the full cost of hospital care you get after noon on the day after the Quality
Improvement Organization gives you its answer to your appeal.
Step 4: If the answer to your Level 1 appeal is no, you decide if you want to make another appeal.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS) 111
Chapter 7. If you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
• If the Quality Improvement Organization said no to your appeal, and you stay in the hospital after
your planned discharge date, you can make another appeal. Making another appeal means you’re
going to Level 2 of the appeals process.
Section 6.3 How to make a Level 2 appeal to change your hospital discharge date
During a Level 2 appeal, you ask the Quality Improvement Organization to take another look at its decision
on your first appeal. If the Quality Improvement Organization turns down your Level 2 appeal, you may
have to pay the full cost for your stay after your planned discharge date.
Step 1: Contact the Quality Improvement Organization again and ask for another review.
• You must ask for this review within 60 calendar days after the day the Quality Improvement
Organization said no to your Level 1 appeal. You can ask for this review only if you stay in the hospital
after the date your coverage for the care ended.
Step 2: The Quality Improvement Organization does a second review of your situation.
• Reviewers at the Quality Improvement Organization will take another careful look at all the
information about your appeal.
Step 3: Within 14 calendar days of receipt of your request for Level 2 appeal, the reviewers will
decide on your appeal and tell you its decision.
If the independent review organization says yes:
• We must reimburse you for our share of the costs of hospital care you got since noon on the day
after the date your first appeal was turned down by the Quality Improvement Organization. We must
continue providing coverage for your inpatient hospital care for as long as it is medically
necessary.
• You must continue to pay your share of the costs and coverage limitations may apply.
If the independent review organization says no:
• It means they agree with the decision they made on your Level 1 appeal. This is called upholding the
decision.
• The notice you get will tell you in writing what you can do if you want to continue with the review
process.
Step 4: If the answer is no, you need to decide whether you want to take your appeal further by going
to Level 3.
• There are 3 additional levels in the appeals process after Level 2 (for a total of 5 levels of appeal). If
you want to go to a Level 3 appeal, the details on how to do this are in the written notice you get after
your Level 2 appeal decision.
• The Level 3 appeal is handled by an Administrative Law Judge or attorney adjudicator. Section 8 in
this chapter tells more about Levels 3, 4, and 5 of the appeals process.
SECTION 7 How to ask us to keep covering certain medical services if you think your
coverage is ending too soon
When you’re getting covered home health services, skilled nursing care, or rehabilitation care
(Comprehensive Outpatient Rehabilitation Facility), you have the right to keep getting your services for

112 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS)
Chapter 7. If you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
that type of care for as long as the care is needed to diagnose and treat your illness or injury.
When we decide it's time to stop covering any of these 3 types of care for you, we’re required to tell you in
advance. When your coverage for that care ends, we’ll stop paying our share of the cost for your care.
If you think we’re ending the coverage of your care too soon, you can appeal our decision. This section
tells you how to ask for an appeal.
Section 7.1 We’ll tell you in advance when your coverage will be ending
Legal Term:
Notice of Medicare Non‑Coverage. It tells you how you can ask for a fast‑track appeal. Asking for a
fast‑track appeal is a formal, legal way to ask for a change to our coverage decision about when to
stop your care.
1. You get a notice in writing at least 2 calendar days before our plan is going to stop covering your
care. The notice tells you:
• The date when we’ll stop covering the care for you.
• How to request a fast‑track appeal to ask us to keep covering your care for a longer period of
time.
2. You, or someone who is acting on your behalf, will be asked to sign the written notice to show
that you got. Signing the notice shows only that you got the information about when your coverage
will stop. Signing it doesn’t mean you agree with our plan’s decision to stop care.
Section 7.2 How to make a Level 1 appeal to have our plan cover your care for a longer time
If you want to ask us to cover your care for a longer period of time, you’ll need to use the appeals process
to make this request. Before you start, understand what you need to do and what the deadlines are.
• Follow the process.
• Meet the deadlines.
• Ask for help if you need it. If you have questions or need help, call Member Services at
1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users call 711). Or call your State Health Insurance Assistance Program (SHIP)
for personalized help. Refer to Appendix A at the back of this document for the name and contact
information of the State Health Insurance Assistance Program (SHIP) in your state.
During a Level 1 appeal, the Quality Improvement Organization reviews your appeal. It decides if the
end date for your care is medically appropriate.
The Quality Improvement Organization is a group of doctors and other health care experts paid by the
federal government to check on and help improve the quality of care for people with Medicare. This
includes reviewing plan decisions about when it’s time to stop covering certain kinds of medical care.
These experts aren’t part of our plan.
Step 1: Make your Level 1 appeal: contact the Quality Improvement Organization and ask for a
fast‑track appeal. You must act quickly.
How can you contact this organization?
• The written notice you got (Notice of Medicare Non‑Coverage) tells you how to reach this

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS) 113
Chapter 7. If you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
organization. Or find the name, address, and phone number of the Quality Improvement
Organization for your state in Appendix A at the back of this document.
Act quickly:
• You must contact the Quality Improvement Organization to start your appeal by noon of the day
before the effective date on the Notice of Medicare Non‑Coverage.
• If you miss the deadline, and you want to file an appeal, you still have appeal rights. Contact the
Quality Improvement Organization using the contact information on the Notice of Medicare
Non‑Coverage. The name, address, and phone number of the Quality Improvement Organization for
your state may also be found in Appendix A at the back of this document.
Step 2: The Quality Improvement Organization conducts an independent review of your case.
Legal Term:
Detailed Explanation of Non‑Coverage. Notice that gives details on reasons for ending coverage.
What happens during this review?
• Health professionals at the Quality Improvement Organization (the reviewers) will ask you, or your
representative, why you believe coverage for the services should continue. You don’t have to
prepare anything in writing, but you can if you want.
• The independent review organization will also look at your medical information, talk with your
doctor, and review information our plan gives them.
• By the end of the day the reviewers tell us of your appeal, you’ll get the Detailed Explanation of
Non‑Coverage from us that explains in detail our reasons for ending our coverage for your services.
Step 3: Within one full day after they have all the information they need, the reviewers will tell you its
decision.
What happens if the reviewers say yes?
• If the reviewers say yes to your appeal, then we must keep providing your covered services for as
long as it’s medically necessary.
• You’ll have to keep paying your share of the costs (such as deductibles or copayments, if these
apply). There may be limitations on your covered services.
What happens if the reviewers say no?
• If the reviewers say no, then your coverage will end on the date we told you.
• If you decide to keep getting the home health care, or skilled nursing facility care, or Comprehensive
Outpatient Rehabilitation Facility (CORF) services after this date when your coverage ends, then
you’ll have to pay the full cost of this care yourself.
Step 4: If the answer to your Level 1 appeal is no, you decide if you want to make another appeal.
• If reviewers say no to your Level 1 appeal – and you choose to continue getting care after your
coverage for the care has ended – then you can make a Level 2 appeal.
Section 7.3 How to make a Level 2 appeal to have our plan cover your care for a longer time
During a Level 2 appeal, you ask the Quality Improvement Organization to take another look at the
decision on your first appeal. If the Quality Improvement Organization turns down your Level 2 appeal, you

114 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS)
Chapter 7. If you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
may have to pay the full cost for your home health care, or skilled nursing facility care, or Comprehensive
Outpatient Rehabilitation Facility (CORF) services after the date when we said your coverage would end.
Step 1: Contact the Quality Improvement Organization again and ask for another review.
• You must ask for this review within 60 calendar days after the day when the Quality Improvement
Organization said no to your Level 1 appeal. You can ask for this review only if you continued getting
care after the date your coverage for the care ended.
Step 2: The Quality Improvement Organization does a second review of your situation.
• Reviewers at the Quality Improvement Organization will take another careful look at all the
information about your appeal.
Step 3: Within 14 calendar days of receipt of your appeal request, reviewers will decide on your
appeal and tell you its decision.
What happens if the independent review organization says yes?
• We must reimburse you for our share of the costs of care you got since the date when we said your
coverage would end. We must continue providing coverage for the care for as long as it’s
medically necessary.
• You must continue to pay your share of the costs and there may be coverage limitations that apply.
What happens if the independent review organization says no?
• It means they agree with the decision made to your Level 1 appeal.
• The notice you get will tell you in writing what you can do if you want to continue with the review
process. It will give you details about how to go to the next level of appeal, which is handled by an
Administrative Law Judge or attorney adjudicator.
Step 4: If the answer is no, you'll need to decide whether you want to take your appeal further.
• There are 3 additional levels of appeal after Level 2, for a total of 5 levels of appeal. If you want to go
on to a Level 3 appeal, the details on how to do this are in the written notice you get after your Level
2 appeal decision.
• The Level 3 appeal is handled by an Administrative Law Judge or attorney adjudicator. Section 8
tells more about Levels 3, 4, and 5 of the appeals process.
SECTION 8 Taking your appeal to Levels 3, 4 and 5
Section 8.1 Appeal Levels 3, 4, and 5 for Medical Service Requests
This section may be right for you if you made a Level 1 appeal and a Level 2 appeal, and both of your
appeals were turned down.
If the dollar value of the item or medical service you appealed meets certain minimum levels, you may be
able to go on to additional levels of appeal. If the dollar value is less than the minimum level, you can’t
appeal any further. The written response you get to your Level 2 appeal will explain how to make a Level 3
appeal.
For most situations that involve appeals, the last 3 levels of appeal work in much the same way as the first
2 levels. Here’s who handles the review of your appeal at each of these levels.
Level 3 appeal

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS) 115
Chapter 7. If you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
An Administrative Law Judge or an attorney adjudicator who works for the federal government will
review your appeal and give you an answer.
• If the Administrative Law Judge or attorney adjudicator says yes to your appeal, the appeals
process may or may not be over. Unlike a decision at a Level 2 appeal, we have the right to appeal a
Level 3 decision that’s favorable to you. If we decide to appeal, it will go to a Level 4 appeal.
If we decide not to appeal, we must authorize or provide you with the medical care within 60
○
calendar days after we get the Administrative Law Judge’s or attorney adjudicator’s decision.
If we decide to appeal the decision, we’ll send you a copy of the Level 4 appeal request with
○
any accompanying documents. We may wait for the Level 4 appeal decision before
authorizing or providing the medical care in dispute.
• If the Administrative Law Judge or attorney adjudicator says no to your appeal, the appeals
process may or may not be over.
If you decide to accept the decision that turns down your appeal, the appeals process is over.
○
If you don’t want to accept the decision, you can continue to the next level of the review
○
process. The notice you get will tell you what to do for a Level 4 appeal.
Level 4 appeal
The Medicare Appeals Council (Council) will review your appeal and give you an answer. The Council is
part of the federal government.
• If the answer is yes, or if the Council denies our request to review a favorable Level 3 appeal
decision, the appeals process may or may not be over. Unlike a decision at Level 2, we have the
right to appeal a Level 4 decision that is favorable to you. We’ll decide whether to appeal this
decision to Level 5.
If we decide not to appeal, we must authorize or provide you with the medical care within 60
○
calendar days after getting the Council’s decision.
If we decide to appeal the decision, we'll let you know in writing.
○
• If the answer is no or if the Council denies the review request, the appeals process may or may
not be over.
If you decide to accept this decision that turns down your appeal, the appeals process is over.
○
If you don’t want to accept the decision, you may be able to continue to the next level of the
○
review process. If the Council says no to your appeal, the notice you get will tell you whether
the rules allow you to go to a Level 5 appeal and how to continue with a Level 5 appeal.
Level 5 appeal
A judge at the Federal District Court will review your appeal.
• A judge will review all the information and decide yes or no to your request. This is a final answer.
There are no more appeal levels after the Federal District Court.
Making complaints
SECTION 9 How to make a complaint about quality of care, waiting times, customer
service, or other concerns
Section 9.1 What kinds of problems are handled by the complaint process?
The complaint process is only used for certain types of problems. This includes problems related to quality
of care, waiting times, and customer service. Here are examples of the kinds of problems handled by the
complaint process.

116 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS)
Chapter 7. If you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
Complaint Example
Quality of your medical care
• Are you unhappy with the quality of the care you got
(including care in the hospital)?
Respecting your privacy
• Did someone not respect your right to privacy or share
confidential information?
Disrespect, poor customer
service, or other negative • Has someone been rude or disrespectful to you?
behaviors • Are you unhappy with our Member Services?
• Do you feel you’re being encouraged to leave our plan?
Waiting times
• Are you having trouble getting an appointment, or waiting
too long to get it?
• Have you been kept waiting too long by doctors or other
health professionals? Or by our Member Services or other
staff at our plan?
Examples include waiting too long on the phone, in the
○
waiting or exam room.
Cleanliness
• Are you unhappy with the cleanliness or condition of a clinic,
hospital, or doctor’s office?
Information you get from us
• Did we fail to give you a required notice?
• Is our written information hard to understand?
Timeliness If you asked for a coverage decision or made an appeal, and you
(These types of complaints are all think we aren’t responding quickly enough, you can make a
about the timeliness of our actions complaint about our slowness. Here are examples:
related to coverage decisions and
appeals) • You asked us for a fast coverage decision or a fast appeal,
and we said no; you can make a complaint.
• You believe we aren’t meeting the deadlines for coverage
decisions or appeals; you can make a complaint.
• You believe we aren’t meeting the deadlines for covering or
reimbursing you for certain medical items or services that
were approved; you can make a complaint.
• You believe we failed to meet required deadlines for
forwarding your case to the independent review
organization; you can make a complaint.
Section 9.2 How to make a complaint

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS) 117
Chapter 7. If you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
Legal Term:
A complaint is also called a grievance.
Making a complaint is called filing a grievance.
Using the process for complaints is called using the process for filing a grievance.
A fast complaint is called an expedited grievance.
Step 1: Contact us promptly — either by phone or in writing.
• Calling Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users call 711) is usually the first step. If
there’s anything else you need to do, Member Services will let you know.
• If you don’t want to call (or you called and weren't satisfied), you can put your complaint in
writing and send it to us. If you put your complaint in writing, we’ll respond to your complaint in
writing.
• To use our grievance (complaint) process, you should call or send us your written complaint using
one of the contact methods listed in Chapter 2: Important Phone Numbers and Resources (How to
contact us when you are making a complaint about your medical care).
Please be sure you provide all pertinent information, including any supporting documents you
○
believe are appropriate. Your complaint must be received by us within 60 calendar days of the
event or incident that resulted in you filing your complaint.
Your issue will be investigated by a member of our complaint team. If you submit your
○
complaint verbally, we will inform you of the result of our review and our decision verbally or in
writing. If you submit a verbal complaint and request your response to be in writing, we will
respond in writing. If you send us a written complaint, we will send you a written response,
stating the result of our review. Our notice will include a description of our understanding of
your complaint and our decision in clear terms.
We must address your complaint as quickly as your case requires based on your health status,
○
but no later than 30 calendar days after receiving your complaint. We may extend the
timeframe by up to 14 calendar days if we justify a need for additional information and the
delay is in your best interest.
You also have the right to ask for a fast “expedited” grievance. A fast “expedited” grievance is
○
a type of complaint that must be resolved within 24 hours from the time you contact us. You
have the right to request a fast “expedited” grievance if you disagree with:
Our plan to take a 14‑calendar‑day extension on an organization/coverage
■
determination or reconsideration/redetermination (appeal); or
Our denial of your request to expedite an organization determination or reconsideration
■
(appeal) for health services
• The fast “expedited” grievance process is as follows:
You or an authorized representative can call, fax, or mail your complaint and mention that you
○
want the fast complaint or expedited grievance process. Call the phone number, fax, or write
your complaint and send it to the address listed in Chapter 2: Important Phone Numbers and
Resources (How to contact us when you’re making a complaint about your medical care). The
fastest way to submit a fast complaint is to call or fax us. The fastest way to file a grievance is
to call us. When we receive your complaint, we will promptly investigate the issue you have
identified. If we agree with your complaint, we will cancel the 14‑calendar‑day extension, or
expedite the determination or appeal as you originally requested. Regardless of whether we
agree or not, we will investigate your complaint and notify you of our decision within 24 hours.
• The deadline for making a complaint is 60 calendar days from the time you had the problem that
you want to complain about.

118 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS)
Chapter 7. If you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
Step 2: We look into your complaint and give you our answer.
• If possible, we’ll answer you right away. If you call us with a complaint, we may be able to give you
an answer on the same phone call.
• Most complaints are answered within 30 calendar days. If we need more information and the
delay is in your best interest or if you ask for more time, we can take up to 14 more calendar days
(44 calendar days total) to answer your complaint. If we decide to take extra days, we'll tell you in
writing.
• If you’re making a complaint because we denied your request for a fast coverage decision or a
fast appeal, we'll automatically give you a fast complaint. If you have a fast complaint, it means
we'll give you an answer within 24 hours.
• If we don’t agree with some or all of your complaint or don’t take responsibility for the problem
you're complaining about, we'll include our reasons in our response to you.
Section 9.3 You can also make complaints about quality of care to the Quality Improvement
Organization
When your complaint is about quality of care, you have 2 extra options:
• You can make your complaint directly to the Quality Improvement Organization.
The Quality Improvement Organization is a group of practicing doctors and other health care
experts paid by the federal government to check and improve the care given to Medicare patients.
Appendix A at the back of this document has the contact information.
Or
• You can make your complaint to both the Quality Improvement Organization and us at the same
time.
Section 9.4 You can also tell Medicare about your complaint
You can submit a complaint about Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO‑POS) directly to Medicare. To submit a
complaint to Medicare, go to www.Medicare.gov/my/medicare-complaint. You can also call
1‑800‑MEDICARE (1‑800‑633‑4227). TTY/TDD users call 1‑877‑486‑2048.

CHAPTER 8:
Ending membership in our plan
SECTION 1 Ending your membership in our plan
Ending your membership in Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO‑POS) may be voluntary (your own choice) or
involuntary (not your own choice):
• You might leave our plan because you decide you want to leave. Sections 2 and 3 give information
on ending your membership voluntarily.
• There are also limited situations where we’re required to end your membership. Section 5 tells you
about situations when we must end your membership.
If you’re leaving our plan, our plan must continue to provide your medical care and you’ll continue to pay
your cost share until your membership ends.
SECTION 2 When can you end your membership in our plan?
Section 2.1 You can end your membership during the Open Enrollment Period
You can end your membership during the Open Enrollment Period each year. During this time, review
your health and drug coverage and decide about coverage for the upcoming year.
• The Open Enrollment Period is from October 15 to December 7.
• Choose to keep your current coverage or make changes to your coverage for the upcoming
year. If you decide to change to a new plan, you can choose any of the following types of plans:
Another Medicare health plan, with or without drug coverage,
○
Original Medicare with a separate Medicare drug plan,
○
Original Medicare without a separate Medicare drug plan.
○
• Your membership will end in our plan when your new plan’s coverage starts on January 1.
Section 2.2 You can end your membership during the Medicare Advantage Open Enrollment
Period
You can make one change to your health coverage during the Medicare Advantage Open Enrollment
Period each year.
• The Medicare Advantage Open Enrollment Period is from January 1 to March 31 and for new
enrollees in an MA plan, from the month of entitlement to Part A and Part B until the last day of the
3rd month of entitlement.
• During the Medicare Advantage Open Enrollment Period you can:
Switch to another Medicare Advantage Plan with or without drug coverage.
○
Disenroll from our plan and get coverage through Original Medicare. If you switch to Original
○
Medicare during this period, you can also join a separate Medicare drug plan at the same time.
• Your membership will end on the first day of the month after you enroll in a different Medicare
Advantage plan or we get your request to switch to Original Medicare. If you also choose to enroll in
a Medicare drug plan, your membership in the drug plan will start the first day of the month after the
drug plan gets your enrollment request.
Section 2.3 In certain situations, you can end your membership during a Special Enrollment
Period
In certain situations, members of Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO‑POS) may be eligible to end their
membership at other times of the year. This is known as a Special Enrollment Period.

120 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS)
Chapter 8. Ending membership in our plan
You may be eligible to end your membership during a Special Enrollment Period if any of the following
situations apply to you. These are just examples. For the full list you can contact our plan, call Medicare, or
visit Medicare.gov:
• Usually, when you move
• If you have Medicaid
• If we violate our contract with you
• If you’re getting care in an institution, such as a nursing home or long‑term care (LTC) hospital
• If you enroll in the Program of All‑inclusive Care for the Elderly (PACE)
Enrollment time periods vary depending on your situation.
To find out if you’re eligible for a Special Enrollment Period, call Medicare at 1‑800‑MEDICARE
(1‑800‑633‑4227). TTY users call 1‑877‑486‑2048. If you’re eligible to end your membership because of a
special situation, you can choose to change both your Medicare health coverage and drug coverage. You
can choose:
• Another Medicare health plan with or without drug coverage
• Original Medicare with a separate Medicare drug plan
• Original Medicare without a separate Medicare drug plan.
Your membership will usually end on the first day of the month after we get your request to change our
plan.
Section 2.4 Get more information about when you can end your membership
If you have questions about ending your membership you can:
• Call Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users call 711).
• Find the information in the Medicare & You 2026 handbook.
• Call Medicare at 1‑800‑MEDICARE (1‑800‑633‑4227). (TTY users call 1‑877‑486‑2048).
SECTION 3 How to end your membership in our plan?
The table below explains how you can end your membership in our plan.
To switch from our plan to: Here’s what to do:
• Enroll in the new Medicare health plan.
• You’ll automatically be disenrolled from
Another Medicare health plan.
Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO‑POS) when
your new plan’s coverage starts.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS) 121
Chapter 8. Ending membership in our plan
To switch from our plan to: Here’s what to do:
• Enroll in the new Medicare drug plan.
Original Medicare with a separate Medicare drug • You’ll automatically be disenrolled from
plan. Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO‑POS) when
your new drug plan’s coverage starts.
• Send us a written request to disenroll. Call
Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY
users call 711) if you need more information
on how to do this.
Original Medicare without a separate Medicare • You can also call Medicare, at
drug plan. 1‑800‑MEDICARE (1‑800‑633‑4227), and
ask to be disenrolled. TTY users call
1‑877‑486‑2048.
• You’ll be disenrolled from Aetna Medicare
Eagle (HMO‑POS) when your coverage in
Original Medicare starts.
Note: If you also have creditable prescription drug coverage (e.g., a separate Medicare drug plan) and
disenroll from that coverage, you may have to pay a Part D late enrollment penalty if you join a Medicare
drug plan later after going without creditable prescription drug coverage for 63 days or more in a row.
SECTION 4 Until your membership ends, you must keep getting your medical items and
services through our plan
Until your membership ends, and your new Medicare coverage starts, you must continue to get your
medical items and services through our plan.
• Continue to use our network providers to get medical care.
• If you’re hospitalized on the day your membership ends, your hospital stay will be covered by
our plan until you’re discharged (even if you're discharged after your new health coverage starts).
SECTION 5 Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO‑POS) must end our plan membership in certain
situations
Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO‑POS) must end your membership in our plan if any of the following
happen:
• If you no longer have Medicare Part A and Part B.
• If you move out of our service area.
• If you’re away from our service area for more than 12 months.
• If you move or take a long trip, you need to call Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY
users call 711) to find out if the place you're moving or traveling to is in our plan’s area.
• If you become incarcerated (go to prison).
• If you’re no longer a United States citizen or lawfully present in the United States.
• If you intentionally give us incorrect information when you're enrolling in our plan and that

122 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS)
Chapter 8. Ending membership in our plan
information affects your eligibility for our plan. (We can’t make you leave our plan for this reason
unless we get permission from Medicare first.)
• If you continuously behave in a way that’s disruptive and makes it difficult for us to provide medical
care for you and other members of our plan. (We can’t make you leave our plan for this reason
unless we get permission from Medicare first.)
• If you let someone else use your membership card to get medical care. (We can't make you leave
our plan for this reason unless we get permission from Medicare first.)
If we end your membership because of this reason, Medicare may have your case investigated
○
by the Inspector General.
If you have questions or want more information on when we can end your membership, call Member
Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users call 711).
Section 5.1 We can’t ask you to leave our plan for any health‑related reason
Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO‑POS) isn’t allowed to ask you to leave our plan for any health‑related reason.
What should you do if this happens?
If you feel that you’re being asked to leave our plan because of a health‑related reason, call Medicare at
1‑800‑MEDICARE (1‑800‑633‑4227) TTY users call 1‑877‑486‑2048.
Section 5.2 You have the right to make a complaint if we end your membership in our plan
If we end your membership in our plan, we must tell you our reasons in writing for ending your
membership. We must also explain how you can file a grievance or make a complaint about our decision
to end your membership.

CHAPTER 9:
Legal notices
SECTION 1 Notice about governing law
The principal law that applies to this Evidence of Coverage document is Title XVIII of the Social Security
Act and the regulations created under the Social Security Act by the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid
Services (CMS). In addition, other federal laws may apply and, under certain circumstances, the laws of
the state you live in. This may affect your rights and responsibilities even if the laws aren’t included or
explained in this document.
SECTION 2 Notice about non discrimination
We don’t discriminate based on race, ethnicity, national origin, color, religion, sex, age, mental or physical
disability, health status, claims experience, medical history, genetic information, evidence of insurability,
or geographic location within the service area. All organizations that provide Medicare Advantage plans,
like our plan, must obey federal laws against discrimination, including Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of
1964, the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Age Discrimination Act of 1975, the Americans with Disabilities
Act, Section 1557 of the Affordable Care Act, all other laws that apply to organizations that get federal
funding, and any other laws and rules that apply for any other reason.
If you want more information or have concerns about discrimination or unfair treatment, call the
Department of Health and Human Services’ Office for Civil Rights at 1‑800‑368‑1019 (TTY
1‑800‑537‑7697) or your local Office for Civil Rights. You can also review information from the
Department of Health and Human Services’ Office for Civil Rights at www.HHS.gov/ocr/index.html.
If you have a disability and need help with access to care, call us at Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670
(TTY users call 711). If you have a complaint, such as a problem with wheelchair access, Member Services
can help.
SECTION 3 Notice about Medicare Secondary Payer subrogation rights
We have the right and responsibility to collect for covered Medicare services for which Medicare isn’t the
primary payer. According to CMS regulations at 42 CFR sections 422.108 and 423.462, Aetna Medicare
Eagle (HMO‑POS), as a Medicare Advantage Organization, will exercise the same rights of recovery that
the Secretary exercises under CMS regulations in subparts B through D of part 411 of 42 CFR and the rules
established in this section supersede any state laws.
In some situations, other parties should pay for your medical care before your Medicare Advantage plan.
In those situations, your Medicare Advantage plan may pay, but have the right to get the payments back
from these other parties. Medicare Advantage plans may not be the primary payer for medical care you
receive. These situations include those in which the Federal Medicare Program is considered a secondary
payer under the Medicare Secondary Payer laws. For information on the Federal Medicare Secondary
Payer program, Medicare has written a booklet with general information about what happens when
people with Medicare have additional insurance. It’s called Medicare and Other Health Benefits: Your
Guide to Who Pays First (publication number 02179). You can get a copy by calling 1‑800‑MEDICARE
(1‑800‑633‑4227), 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. TTY users should call 1‑877‑486‑2048. Or you can
download a copy by visiting the Medicare.gov website.
The Plan’s rights to recover in these situations are based on the terms of this health plan contract, as well
as the provisions of the federal statutes governing the Medicare Program. Your Medicare Advantage plan
coverage is always secondary to any payment made or reasonably expected to be made under:
• A workers’ compensation law or plan of the United States or a State,

124 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS)
Chapter 9. Legal notices
• Any non‑fault based insurance, including automobile and non‑automobile no‑fault and medical
payments insurance,
• Any liability insurance policy or plan (including a self‑insured plan) issued under an automobile or
other type of policy or coverage, and
• Any automobile insurance policy or plan (including a self‑insured plan), including, but not limited to,
uninsured and underinsured motorist coverages.
Since your Medicare Advantage plan is always secondary to any automobile no‑fault (Personal Injury
Protection) or medical payments coverage, you should review your automobile insurance policies to
ensure that appropriate policy provisions have been selected to make your automobile coverage primary
for your medical treatment arising from an automobile accident.
As outlined herein, in these situations, your Medicare Advantage plan may make payments on your behalf
for this medical care, subject to the conditions set forth in this provision for the plan to recover these
payments from you or from other parties. Immediately upon making any conditional payment, your
Medicare Advantage plan shall be subrogated to stand in the place of all rights of recovery you have
against any person, entity or insurer responsible for causing your injury, illness or condition or against any
person, entity or insurer listed as a primary payer above.
In addition, if you receive payment from any person, entity or insurer responsible for causing your injury,
illness or condition or you receive payment from any person, entity or insurer listed as a primary payer
above, your Medicare Advantage plan has the right to recover from, and be reimbursed by you for all
conditional payments the plan has made or will make as a result of that injury, illness or condition.
Your Medicare Advantage plan will automatically have a lien, to the extent of benefits it paid for the
treatment of the injury, illness or condition, upon any recovery whether by settlement, judgment or
otherwise. The lien may be enforced against any party who possesses funds or proceeds representing the
amount of benefits paid by the Plan including, but not limited to, you, your representatives or agents, any
person, entity or insurer responsible for causing your injury, illness or condition or any person, entity or
insurer listed as a primary payer above.
By accepting benefits (whether the payment of such benefits is made to you or made on your behalf to
any health care provider) from your Medicare Advantage plan, you acknowledge that the plan’s recovery
rights are a first priority claim and are to be paid to the plan before any other claim for your damages. The
plan shall be entitled to full reimbursement on a first‑dollar basis from any payments, even if such
payment to the plan will result in a recovery to you which is insufficient to make you whole or to
compensate you in part or in whole for the damages you sustained. Your Medicare Advantage plan is not
required to participate in or pay court costs or attorney fees to any attorney hired by you to pursue your
damage claims.
Your Medicare Advantage plan is entitled to full recovery regardless of whether any liability for payment is
admitted by any person, entity or insurer responsible for causing your injury, illness or condition or by any
person, entity or insurer listed as a primary payer above. The plan is entitled to full recovery regardless of
whether the settlement or judgment received by you identifies the medical benefits the plan provided or
purports to allocate any portion of such settlement or judgment to payment of expenses other than
medical expenses. The Medicare Advantage plan is entitled to recover from any and all settlements or
judgments, even those designated as for pain and suffering, non‑economic damages and/or general
damages only.
You, and your legal representatives, shall fully cooperate with the plan’s efforts to recover its benefits paid.
It is your duty to notify the plan within 30 days of the date when notice is given to any party, including an
insurance company or attorney, of your intention to pursue or investigate a claim to recover damages or
obtain compensation due to your injury, illness or condition. You and your agents or representatives shall
provide all information requested by the plan or its representatives. You shall do nothing to prejudice your

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS) 125
Chapter 9. Legal notices
Medicare Advantage plan’s subrogation or recovery interest or to prejudice the plan’s ability to enforce the
terms of this provision. This includes, but is not limited to, refraining from making any settlement or
recovery that attempts to reduce or exclude the full cost of all benefits provided by the plan.
Failure to provide requested information or failure to assist your Medicare Advantage plan in pursuit of its
subrogation or recovery rights may result in you being personally responsible for reimbursing the plan for
benefits paid relating to the injury, illness or condition as well as for the plan’s reasonable attorney fees
and costs incurred in obtaining reimbursement from you. For more information, see 42 U.S.C. §
1395y(b)(2)(A)(ii) and the Medicare statutes.
SECTION 4 Notice about recovery of overpayments
If the benefits paid by this Evidence of Coverage, plus the benefits paid by other plans, exceeds the total
amount of expenses, Aetna has the right to recover the amount of that excess payment from among one
or more of the following: (1) any person to or for whom such payments were made; (2) other Plans; or (3)
any other entity to which such payments were made. This right of recovery will be exercised at Aetna’s
discretion. You shall execute any documents and cooperate with Aetna to secure its right to recover such
overpayments, upon request by Aetna.
SECTION 5 National Coverage Determinations
Sometimes, Medicare adds coverage under Original Medicare for new services during the year. If
Medicare adds coverage for any services during 2026, either Medicare or our plan will cover those
services. When we receive coverage updates from Medicare, called National Coverage Determinations,
we’ll post the coverage updates on our website at AetnaMedicare.com. You can also call Member
Services to obtain the coverage updates that have been posted for the benefit year.

CHAPTER 10:
Definitions
Allowed Amount – The amount that providers are paid for covered services. The allowed amount is the
amount that a network provider has agreed to accept as payment in full for services provided and is
usually less than the provider’s billed charges. For out‑of‑network providers, the allowed amount is the
amount Original Medicare would pay for the services provided. Members may pay a portion of, or in
some cases, all of the allowed amount if their deductible is not satisfied for the year, or if they have other
share‑of‑cost such as coinsurance and/or copayments.
Ambulatory Surgical Center – An Ambulatory Surgical Center is an entity that operates exclusively for
the purpose of furnishing outpatient surgical services to patients not requiring hospitalization and whose
expected stay in the center doesn't exceed 24 hours.
Appeal – An appeal is something you do if you disagree with our decision to deny a request for coverage
of health care services or payment for services you already got. You may also make an appeal if you
disagree with our decision to stop services that you're receiving.
Balance Billing – When a provider (such as a doctor or hospital) bills a patient more than our plan’s
allowed cost‑sharing amount. As a member of Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO‑POS), you only have to pay
our plan’s cost‑sharing amounts when you get services covered by our plan. We don't allow providers to
balance bill or otherwise charge you more than the amount of cost sharing our plan says you must pay.
Benefit Period – The way that both our plan and Original Medicare measures your use of skilled nursing
facility (SNF) services. A benefit period begins the day you go into a skilled nursing facility. The benefit
period ends when you haven't gotten any skilled care in a SNF for 60 days in a row. If you go into a skilled
nursing facility after one benefit period has ended, a new benefit period begins. There is no limit to the
number of benefit periods.
Calendar Year – A one year period between January 1 and December 31.
Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) – The federal agency that administers Medicare.
Chronic‑Care Special Needs Plan (C‑SNP) – C‑SNPs are SNPs that restrict enrollment to MA eligible
people who have specific severe and chronic diseases.
Coinsurance – An amount you may be required to pay, expressed as a percentage (for example 20%) as
your share of the cost for services.
Complaint – The formal name for making a complaint is filing a grievance. The complaint process is
used only for certain types of problems. This includes problems about quality of care, waiting times, and
the customer service you get. It also includes complaints if our plan doesn’t follow the time periods in the
appeal process.
Comprehensive Outpatient Rehabilitation Facility (CORF) – A facility that mainly provides
rehabilitation services after an illness or injury, including physical therapy, social or psychological
services, respiratory therapy, occupational therapy and speech‑language pathology services, and home
environment evaluation services.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS) 127
Chapter 10. Definitions
Copayment (or copay) – An amount you may be required to pay as your share of the cost for a medical
service or supply, like a doctor’s visit, hospital outpatient visit, or a prescription. A copayment is a set
amount (for example $10), rather than a percentage.
Cost Sharing – Cost sharing refers to amounts that a member has to pay when services are received.
Cost sharing includes any combination of the following 3 types of payments: (1) any deductible amount a
plan may impose before services are covered; (2) any fixed copayment amount that a plan requires
when a specific service is received; or (3) any coinsurance amount, a percentage of the total amount
paid for a service that a plan requires when a specific service is received.
Covered Services – The term we use to mean all the health care services and supplies that are covered
by our plan.
Creditable Prescription Drug Coverage – Prescription drug coverage (for example, from an employer
or union) that's expected to pay, on average, at least as much as Medicare’s standard prescription drug
coverage. People who have this kind of coverage when they become eligible for Medicare can generally
keep that coverage without paying a penalty if they decide to enroll in Medicare prescription drug
coverage later.
Custodial Care – Custodial care is personal care provided in a nursing home, hospice, or other facility
setting when you don't need skilled medical care or skilled nursing care. Custodial care, provided by
people who don't have professional skills or training, includes help with activities of daily living like
bathing, dressing, eating, getting in or out of a bed or chair, moving around, and using the bathroom. It
may also include the kind of health‑related care that most people do themselves, like using eye drops.
Medicare doesn’t pay for custodial care.
Deductible – The amount you must pay for health care before our plan pays.
Disenroll or Disenrollment – The process of ending your membership in our plan.
Dual Eligible Special Needs Plans (D‑SNP) – D‑SNPs enroll people who are entitled to both Medicare
(Title XVIII of the Social Security Act) and medical assistance from a state plan under Medicaid (Title XIX).
States cover some Medicare costs, depending on the state and the person’s eligibility.
Dually Eligible Individual – A person who is eligible for Medicare and Medicaid coverage.
Durable Medical Equipment (DME) – Certain medical equipment that is ordered by your doctor for
medical reasons. Examples include walkers, wheelchairs, crutches, powered mattress systems, diabetic
supplies, IV infusion pumps, speech generating devices, oxygen equipment, nebulizers, or hospital beds
ordered by a provider for use in the home.
Emergency – A medical emergency is when you, or any other prudent layperson with an average
knowledge of health and medicine, believe that you have medical symptoms that require immediate
medical attention to prevent loss of life (and, if you're a pregnant woman, loss of an unborn child), loss of
a limb, or loss of function of a limb, or loss of or serious impairment to a bodily function. The medical
symptoms may be an illness, injury, severe pain, or a medical condition that is quickly getting worse.

128 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS)
Chapter 10. Definitions
Emergency Care – Covered services that are: (1) provided by a provider qualified to furnish emergency
services; and (2) needed to treat, evaluate, or stabilize an emergency medical condition.
Evidence of Coverage (EOC) and Disclosure Information – This document, along with your enrollment
form and any other attachments, riders, or other optional coverage selected, which explains your
coverage, what we must do, your rights, and what you have to do as a member of our plan.
Extra Help – A Medicare program to help people with limited income and resources pay Medicare
prescription drug program costs, such as premiums, deductibles, and coinsurance.
Grievance – A type of complaint you make about our plan, providers, including a complaint concerning
the quality of your care. This doesn't involve coverage or payment disputes.
Health Maintenance Organization (HMO) – A type of Medicare managed care plan where a group of
doctors, hospitals, and other health care providers agree to give health care to Medicare beneficiaries for
a set amount of money from Medicare every month. You usually must get your care from the providers in
the plan.
Home Health Aide – A person who provides services that don't need the skills of a licensed nurse or
therapist, such as help with personal care (e.g., bathing, using the toilet, dressing, or carrying out the
prescribed exercises).
Hospice – A benefit that provides special treatment for a member who has been medically certified as
terminally ill, meaning having a life expectancy of 6 months or less. Our plan must provide you with a list
of hospices in your geographic area. If you elect hospice and continue to pay premiums you're still a
member of our plan. You can still get all medically necessary services as well as the supplemental
benefits we offer.
Hospital Inpatient Stay – A hospital stay when you have been formally admitted to the hospital for
skilled medical services. Even if you stay in the hospital overnight, you might still be considered an
outpatient.
Independent Practice Association (IPA) – An IPA, or Independent Practice Association, is an
independent group of physicians and other health care providers under contract to provide services to
members of managed care organizations (see Chapter 1, Section 6).
Initial Enrollment Period – When you’re first eligible for Medicare, the period of time when you can sign
up for Medicare Part A and Part B. If you’re eligible for Medicare when you turn 65, your Initial Enrollment
Period is the 7‑month period that begins 3 months before the month you turn 65, includes the month you
turn 65, and ends 3 months after the month you turn 65.
Institutional Special Needs Plan (I‑SNP) – I‑SNPs restrict enrollment to MA eligible people who live in
the community but need the level of care a facility offers, or who live (or are expected to live) for at least
90 days straight in certain long‑term facilities. I‑SNPs include the following types of plans:
Institutional‑equivalent SNPs (IE‑SNPs), Hybrid Institutional SNPs (HI‑SNPs), and Facility‑based
Institutional SNPs (FI‑SNPs).

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS) 129
Chapter 10. Definitions
Low Income Subsidy (LIS) – Go to Extra Help.
Maximum Charge – The maximum amount or limiting charge that a non‑participating provider may
charge a Medicare beneficiary for services billed on non‑assigned claims.
Maximum Out‑of‑Pocket Amount – The most that you pay out‑of‑pocket during the calendar year for
in‑network covered services. Medicare Part A and Part B premiums don't count toward the maximum
out‑of‑pocket amount. See Chapter 4, Section 1.2 for information about your maximum out‑of‑pocket
amount.
Medicaid (or Medical Assistance) – A joint federal and state program that helps with medical costs for
some people with low incomes and limited resources. State Medicaid programs vary, but most health
care costs are covered if you qualify for both Medicare and Medicaid.
Medical Group – A Medical Group is a group of physicians and other health care providers under
contract to provide services to members of our plan.
Medically Necessary – Services, supplies, or drugs that are needed for the prevention, diagnosis, or
treatment of your medical condition and meet accepted standards of medical practice.
Medicare – The federal health insurance program for people 65 years of age or older, some people
under age 65 with certain disabilities, and people with End‑Stage Renal Disease (generally those with
permanent kidney failure who need dialysis or a kidney transplant).
Medicare Advantage Open Enrollment Period – The time period from January 1 to March 31 when
members in a Medicare Advantage plan can cancel their plan enrollment and switch to another
Medicare Advantage plan or get coverage through Original Medicare. If you choose to switch to Original
Medicare during this period, you can also join a separate Medicare prescription drug plan at that time.
The Medicare Advantage Open Enrollment Period is also available for a 3‑month period after a person is
first eligible for Medicare.
Medicare Advantage (MA) Plan – Sometimes called Medicare Part C. A plan offered by a private
company that contracts with Medicare to provide you with all your Medicare Part A and Part B benefits.
A Medicare Advantage Plan can be an HMO, a PPO, a Private Fee‑for‑Service (PFFS) plan, or a Medicare
Medical Savings Account (MSA) plan. Besides choosing from these types of plans, a Medicare
Advantage HMO or PPO plan can also be a Special Needs Plan (SNP). In most cases, Medicare
Advantage Plans also offer Medicare Part D (prescription drug coverage). These plans are called
Medicare Advantage Plans with Prescription Drug Coverage. Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO‑POS)
doesn't offer Medicare prescription drug coverage.
Medicare‑Covered Services – Services covered by Medicare Part A and Part B. All Medicare health
plans must cover all the services that are covered by Medicare Part A and B. The term
Medicare‑Covered Services doesn’t include the extra benefits, such as vision, dental, or hearing, that a
Medicare Advantage plan may offer.

130 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS)
Chapter 10. Definitions
Medicare Health Plan – A Medicare health plan is offered by a private company that contracts with
Medicare to provide Part A and Part B benefits to people with Medicare who enroll in our plan. This term
includes all Medicare Advantage Plans, Medicare Cost Plans, Special Needs Plans, Demonstration/Pilot
Programs, and Programs of All‑inclusive Care for the Elderly (PACE).
Medicare Drug coverage (Medicare Part D) – Insurance to help pay for outpatient prescription drugs,
vaccines, biologicals, and some supplies not covered by Medicare Part A or Part B.
Medication Therapy Management (MTM) program – A Medicare Part D program for complex health
needs provided to people who meet certain requirements or are in a Drug Management Program. MTM
services usually include a discussion with a pharmacist or health care provider to review medications.
Medigap (Medicare Supplement Insurance) Policy – Medicare supplement insurance sold by private
insurance companies to fill “gaps” in Original Medicare. Medigap policies only work with Original
Medicare. (A Medicare Advantage Plan is not a Medigap policy.)
Member (member of our plan, or plan member) – A person with Medicare who is eligible to get covered
services, who has enrolled in our plan, and whose enrollment has been confirmed by the Centers for
Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS).
Member Services – A department within our plan responsible for answering your questions about your
membership, benefits, grievances, and appeals.
Network – A group of doctors, hospitals, pharmacies, and other health care experts contracted by our
plan to provide covered services to its members (go to Chapter 1, Section 3.2). Network providers are
independent contractors and not agents of our plan.
Network Provider – Provider is the general term for doctors, other health care professionals, hospitals,
and other health care facilities that are licensed or certified by Medicare and by the state to provide
health care services. Network providers have an agreement with our plan to accept our payment as
payment in full, and in some cases to coordinate as well as provide covered services to members of our
plan. Network providers are also called plan providers.
Non‑Medicare Covered Services – Services that are not normally covered when you have Original
Medicare. These are usually extra benefits you may receive as a member of a Medicare Advantage plan.
Open Enrollment Period – The time period of October 15 until December 7 of each year when members
can change their health or drug plans or switch to Original Medicare.
Optional Supplemental Benefits – Non‑Medicare covered benefits that can be purchased for an
additional premium and aren't included in your package of benefits. You must voluntarily elect Optional
Supplemental Benefits in order to get them.
Organization Determination – A decision our plan makes about whether items or services are covered
or how much you have to pay for covered items or services. Organization determinations are called
coverage decisions in this document.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS) 131
Chapter 10. Definitions
Original Medicare (Traditional Medicare or Fee‑for‑Service Medicare) – Original Medicare is offered
by the government, and not a private health plan such as Medicare Advantage plans and prescription
drug plans. Under Original Medicare, Medicare services are covered by paying doctors, hospitals, and
other health care providers payment amounts established by Congress. You can see any doctor,
hospital, or other health care provider that accepts Medicare. You must pay the deductible. Medicare
pays its share of the Medicare‑approved amount, and you pay your share. Original Medicare has 2 parts:
Part A (Hospital Insurance) and Part B (Medical Insurance) and is available everywhere in the United
States.
Out‑of‑Network Provider or Out‑of‑Network Facility – A provider or facility that doesn’t have a
contract with our plan to coordinate or provide covered services to members of our plan. Out‑of‑network
providers are providers that aren’t employed, owned, or operated by our plan.
Out‑of‑Pocket Costs – Go to the definition for cost sharing above. A member’s cost‑sharing
requirement to pay for a portion of services received is also referred to as the member’s out‑of‑pocket
cost requirement.
PACE plan – A PACE (Program of All‑Inclusive Care for the Elderly) plan combines medical, social, and
long‑term services and supports (LTSS) for frail people to help people stay independent and living in
their community (instead of moving to a nursing home) as long as possible. People enrolled in PACE
plans get both their Medicare and Medicaid benefits through our plan.
Part C – Go to Medicare Advantage (MA) Plan.
Part D – The voluntary Medicare Prescription Drug Benefit Program.
Point‑of‑Service (POS) – The POS benefit allows you to use a provider who is not in our network.
However, if you choose to go out‑of‑network for your care, you will typically pay higher out‑of‑pocket
expenses. While the POS options provide more choice and flexibility, it is important to remember that not
all services are available outside the network of contracted providers.
Premium – The periodic payment to Medicare, an insurance company, or a health care plan for health
coverage.
Preventive Services – Health care to prevent illness or detect illness at an early stage, when treatment is
likely to work best (for example, preventive services include Pap tests, flu shots, and screening
mammograms).
Primary Care Provider (PCP) – The doctor or other provider you see first for most health problems. In
many Medicare health plans, you must see your primary care provider before you see any other health
care provider.
Prior Authorization – Approval in advance to get services based on specific criteria. Covered services
that need prior authorization are marked in the Medical Benefits Chart in Chapter 4.

132 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO-POS)
Chapter 10. Definitions
Prosthetics and Orthotics – Medical devices including, but not limited to, arm, back and neck braces;
artificial limbs; artificial eyes; and devices needed to replace an internal body part or function, including
ostomy supplies and enteral and parenteral nutrition therapy.
Quality Improvement Organization (QIO) – A group of practicing doctors and other health care experts
paid by the federal government to check and improve the care given to Medicare patients.
Rehabilitation Services – These services include inpatient rehabilitation care, physical therapy
(outpatient), speech and language therapy, and occupational therapy.
Service Area – A geographic area where you must live to join a particular health plan. For plans that limit
which doctors and hospitals you may use, it’s also generally the area where you can get routine
(non‑emergency) services. Our plan must disenroll you if you permanently move out of our plan’s service
area.
Skilled Nursing Facility (SNF) Care – Skilled nursing care and rehabilitation services provided on a
continuous, daily basis, in a skilled nursing facility. Examples of care include physical therapy or
intravenous injections that can only be given by a registered nurse or doctor.
Special Enrollment Period – A set time when members can change their health or drug plan or return to
Original Medicare. Situations in which you may be eligible for a Special Enrollment Period include: if you
move outside the service area, if you move into a nursing home, or if we violate our contract with you.
Special Needs Plan – A special type of Medicare Advantage plan that provides more focused health
care for specific groups of people, such as those who have both Medicare and Medicaid, who live in a
nursing home, or who have certain chronic medical conditions.
Step Therapy – A utilization tool that requires you to first try another drug to treat your medical condition
before we'll cover the drug your physician may have initially prescribed.
Supplemental Security Income (SSI) – A monthly benefit paid by Social Security to people with limited
income and resources who are disabled, blind, or age 65 and older. SSI benefits aren't the same as Social
Security benefits.
Urgently Needed Services – A plan‑covered service requiring immediate medical attention that’s not an
emergency is an urgently needed service if either you’re temporarily outside our plan’s service area, or
it’s unreasonable given your time, place, and circumstances to get this service from network providers.
Examples of urgently needed services are unforeseen medical illnesses and injuries, or unexpected
flare‑ups of existing conditions. Medically necessary routine provider visits (like annual checkups) aren’t
considered urgently needed even if you’re outside our plan’s service area or our plan network is
temporarily unavailable.

APPENDIX A:
Important contact information
Quality Improvement Organizations (QIO)
Livanta, Address: BFCC‑QIO Program Livanta LLC PO Box 2687 Virginia
Region 7:
Beach, VA 23450, Phone: 1‑888‑755‑5580, TTY: 711, Hours: Monday–Friday
Iowa, Kansas, Missouri,
9:00 AM to 5:00 PM, Saturday–Sunday/Holidays 10:00 AM to 4:00 PM local
Nebraska
time, Website: livantaqio.cms.gov/en
State Medicaid Office
Missouri Medicaid (MO HealthNet), Address: Department of Social Services, 615
Howerton Court, PO Box 6500, Jefferson City, MO 65102‑6500, Phone:
Missouri
573‑751‑3425, TTY: 711, Hours: Monday–Friday 8:00 AM to 5:00 PM, Website:
mydss.mo.gov/mhd
State Health Insurance Assistance Program (SHIP)
Missouri SHIP, Address: Department of Commerce & Insurance, 601 W. Nifong
Blvd., Ste. A, Columbia, MO 65203‑6804, Phone: 1‑800‑390‑3330,
Missouri TTY: 1‑800‑735‑2966 This number requires special telephone equipment and is
only for people who have difficulties with hearing or speaking, Hours:
Monday–Friday 9:00 AM to 4:00 PM, Website: missouriship.org

Notice of Availability (NOA)
TTY: 711
To access language services at no cost to you, call the number on your ID card. (English)
እርስዎ ወጪ ሳያወጡ የቋንቋ አገልግሎቶችን ለመድረስ በመታወቂያ ካርድዎ (ID) ላይ ወዳለው ቁጥር ይደውሉ።
(Amharic)
.ﻚﺑ ﺔﺻﺎﺨﻟا ﺔﯾﻮﻀﻌﻟا ﺔﻗﺎﻄﺑ ﻰﻠﻋ دﻮﺟﻮﻤﻟا ﻢﻗﺮﻟﺎﺑ ﻞﺼﺗا ،ﺎًﻧﺎﺠﻣ ﺔﻐﻠﻟا تﺎﻣﺪﺧ ﻰﻠﻋ لﻮﺼ (Arabic)
如欲使用免費語言服務，請致電您 ID 卡上的電話號碼。 (Chinese)
Tajaajila afaanii bilisaan argachuuf, lakkoofsa Waraqaa Eenyummeessaa (ID) keessan irra jiru
irratti bilbilaa. (Cushite)
Pour accéder gratuitement aux services linguistiques, appelez le numéro figurant sur votre carte
d’identité. (French)
Pou w jwenn aksè ak sèvis lang gratis pou ou, rele nimewo ki sou kat idantite w la. (French
Creole)
Um kostenlos auf Sprachdienste zuzugreifen, rufen Sie die Nummer auf Ihrem Ausweis an.
(German)
Inā ake ʻoe e ili mai no ke kōkua manuahi me ka unuhi, e kelepona ʻoe i ka helu ma kou kāleka ID.
(Hawaiian)
Kom tau txais cov kev pab cuam txhais lus yam tsis sau nqi ntawm koj, thov hu rau tus xov tooj
nyob ntawm koj daim npav ID. (Hmong)
Per accedere gratuitamente ai servizi linguistici, chiama il numero riportato sul tuo tesserino
identificativo. (Italian)
無料の言語サービスをご利用いただくには、ご自身のIDカードに記載されている番号 にお電話くだ
さい。 (Japanese)
လၢကမၤနၢ့ ်ကျ ာိ်တၢ မ် ၤစၢၤတၢ မ် ၤ လၢတလၣိ ်လၢာ်ဘၣူ ်လၢာ်စၤ့ လၢနဂီၢ အ် ဂီၢ,် ကးိ နၣီ ်ဂံၢ လၢအအၣိ ် ဖဲန ID အဖီခၣိ ်န ၣ့်
တကၢ့ .် (Karen)
무료로 언어 서비스를 이용하려면 ID 카드에 적힌 전화번호로 전화하세요. (Korean)
ເ ືພ່ ອເ ົ ້ຂາເ ິຖງການບໍ ິລການພາສາໂດຍບ ເສຍຄ່ າໃ ້ຊຈ່ າຍໃດໆແກ່ ທ ່ ານ, ໃຫ້ ໂທຫາເ ີບ ີທ ່ ູ ່ຢໃນ ັບດປະ ໍຈາ ົຕວຂອງທ.
(Laotian)
េេដើម ីទទួល េនស ែផ ក េ យមិនគិៃតថ ពីអ កសូមទូរសព េ េលែខដល េន េេលើ តស ល់ខ នរបស់អ ក។
(Mon‑Khmer, Cambodian)
سﺎﻣﺗ دوﺧ ﯽﯾﺎﺳﺎﻧﺷ ترﺎﮐ یور هدﺷ دﯾﻗ هرﺎﻣﺷ ﺎﺑ ،نﺎﮕﯾار روط ﮫﺑ نﺎﺑز تﺎﻣدﺧ ﮫﺑ ﯽﺳرﺗﺳد یارﺑ (Persian farsi)
دﯾرﯾﮕﺑ
Aby uzyskać bezpłatny dostęp do usług językowych, zadzwoń pod numer podany na karcie ID.
(Polish)
Ligue para o número que está no seu cartão de identificação para receber assistência linguística
gratuita. (Portuguese)

Чтобы получить бесплатные языковые услуги, позвоните по номеру телефона, указанному на
вашей идентификационной карте. (Russian)
Para acceder a servicios de idiomas sin costo alguno, llame al número que figura en su tarjeta
de identificación. (Spanish)
Upang ma‑access ang mga serbisyo sa wika nang wala kang babayaran, tawagan ang numero
sa iyong ID card. (Tagalog)
Để truy cập dịch vụ ngôn ngữ miễn phí, hãy gọi đến số điện thoại trên thẻ ID của quý vị.
(Vietnamese)
Y0001_Y0130_H6399_2025_V1

Aetna Medicare Eagle (HMO‑POS) Member Services
Member Services – Contact Information
1‑833‑570‑6670 or the number on your member ID card
Calls to this number are free.
Call Hours of operation are 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week.
Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users call 711) also has free language
interpreter services available for non‑English speakers.
711
TTY
Calls to this number are free.
Hours of operation are 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week.
Fax 1‑866‑759‑4415
Aetna Medicare
Write PO Box 14088
Lexington, KY 40512
Go to AetnaMedicare.com/H2663-022 or scan this code with your
Website
smartphone to visit our website.
State Health Insurance Assistance Program (SHIP)
SHIP is a state program that gets money from the federal government to give free local health insurance
counseling to people with Medicare. Contact information for your state’s SHIP is in Appendix A at the
back of this document.
PRA Disclosure Statement According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, no persons are required to
respond to a collection of information unless it displays a valid OMB control number. The valid OMB control
number for this information collection is 0938‑1051. If you have comments or suggestions for improving this
form, write to: CMS, 7500 Security Boulevard, Attn: PRA Reports Clearance Officer, Mail Stop C4‑26‑05,
Baltimore, Maryland 21244‑1850.
20250821