January 1 – December 31, 2026
Evidence of Coverage for 2026:
Your Medicare Health Benefits and Services and Drug Coverage as a Member of Aetna Medicare
Select (HMO‑POS)
This document gives the details of your Medicare health and drug coverage from January 1 – December
31, 2026. This is an important legal document. Keep it in a safe place.
This document explains your benefits and rights. Use this document to understand:
• Our plan premium and cost sharing
• Our medical and drug benefits
• How to file a complaint if you're not satisfied with a service or treatment
• How to contact us
• Other protections required by Medicare law
For questions about this document, call Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 or the number on your
member ID card for additional information. (TTY users call 711.) Hours are 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a
week. This call is free.
This plan, Aetna Medicare Select (HMO‑POS), is offered by COVENTRY HEALTH CARE OF MISSOURI, INC.
(When this Evidence of Coverage says “we,” “us,” or “our,” it means COVENTRY HEALTH CARE OF
MISSOURI, INC. When it says “plan” or “our plan,” it means Aetna Medicare Select (HMO‑POS).)
This document is available for free in Spanish. Este documento está disponible de forma gratuita en
español.
This document is available for free in other formats such as braille, large print or other alternate formats
upon request.
Benefits, premiums, deductibles, and/or copayments/coinsurance may change on January 1, 2027.
Our formulary, pharmacy network, and/or provider network can change at any time. You’ll get notice
about any changes that can affect you at least 30 days in advance.
Due to legislation in Arkansas, effective January 1, 2026, you may not be able to utilize the following
services within the state of Arkansas, unless a court takes action: CVS Retail, CVS Caremark Mail Service,
CVS Specialty, and OMNI Care long term pharmacies.
Y0001_H2663_023_HP55_EOC2026_C
OMB Approval 0938-1051 (Expires: August 31, 2026)

2 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Table of Contents
Table of Contents
CHAPTER 1: Get started as a member 5
SECTION 1 You're a member of Aetna Medicare Select (HMO‑POS) 5
SECTION 2 Plan eligibility requirements 5
SECTION 3 Important membership materials 6
SECTION 4 Summary of Important Costs for 2026 7
SECTION 5 More information about your monthly plan premium 12
SECTION 6 Keep our plan membership record up to date 13
SECTION 7 How other insurance works with our plan 14
CHAPTER 2: Phone numbers and resources 16
SECTION 1 Aetna Medicare Select (HMO‑POS) contacts 16
SECTION 2 Get help from Medicare 19
SECTION 3 State Health Insurance Assistance Program (SHIP) 20
SECTION 4 Quality Improvement Organization (QIO) 20
SECTION 5 Social Security 20
SECTION 6 Medicaid 21
SECTION 7 Programs to help people pay for prescription drugs 21
SECTION 8 Railroad Retirement Board (RRB) 23
SECTION 9 If you have group insurance or other health insurance from an employer 23
CHAPTER 3: Using our plan for your medical services 24
SECTION 1 How to get medical care as a member of our plan 24
SECTION 2 Use providers in our plan’s network to get medical care 25
SECTION 3 How to get services in an emergency, disaster, or urgent need for care 28
SECTION 4 What if you’re billed directly for the full cost of your covered services? 30
SECTION 5 Medical services in a clinical research study 30
SECTION 6 Rules for getting care in a religious non‑medical health care institution 32
SECTION 7 Rules for ownership of durable medical equipment 32
CHAPTER 4: Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay) 34
SECTION 1 Understanding your out‑of‑pocket costs for covered services 34
SECTION 2 The Medical Benefits Chart shows your medical benefits and costs 35
SECTION 3 Services that aren't covered by our plan (exclusions) 92
CHAPTER 5: Using plan coverage for Part D drugs 95
SECTION 1 Basic rules for our plan’s Part D drug coverage 95
SECTION 2 Fill your prescription at a network pharmacy or through our plan’s
mail‑order service 95
SECTION 3 Your drugs need to be on our plan’s Drug List 98
SECTION 4 Drugs with restrictions on coverage 99
SECTION 5 What you can do if one of your drugs isn’t covered the way you’d like 100
SECTION 6 Our Drug List can change during the year 102
SECTION 7 Types of drugs we don't cover 103
SECTION 8 How to fill a prescription 104
SECTION 9 Part D drug coverage in special situations 104
SECTION 10 Programs on drug safety and managing medications 105
CHAPTER 6: What you pay for Part D drugs 108
SECTION 1 What you pay for Part D drugs 108

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 3
Table of Contents
SECTION 2 Drug payment stages for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO‑POS) members 109
SECTION 3 Your Part D Explanation of Benefits (EOB) explains which payment stage
you're in 109
SECTION 4 The Deductible Stage 110
SECTION 5 The Initial Coverage Stage 111
SECTION 6 The Catastrophic Coverage Stage 114
SECTION 7 What you pay for Part D vaccines 114
CHAPTER 7: Asking us to pay our share of a bill for covered medical services or
drugs 116
SECTION 1 Situations when you should ask us to pay our share for covered services or
drugs 116
SECTION 2 How to ask us to pay you back or pay a bill you got 117
SECTION 3 We’ll consider your request for payment and say yes or no 118
CHAPTER 8: Your rights and responsibilities 119
SECTION 1 Our plan must honor your rights and cultural sensitivities 119
SECTION 2 Your responsibilities as a member of our plan 123
CHAPTER 9: If you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals,
complaints) 125
SECTION 1 What to do if you have a problem or concern 125
SECTION 2 Where to get more information and personalized help 125
SECTION 3 Which process to use for your problem 125
SECTION 4 A guide to coverage decisions and appeals 126
SECTION 5 Medical care: How to ask for a coverage decision or make an appeal 128
SECTION 6 Part D drugs: How to ask for a coverage decision or make an appeal 133
SECTION 7 How to ask us to cover a longer inpatient hospital stay if you think you’re
being discharged too soon 140
SECTION 8 How to ask us to keep covering certain medical services if you think your
coverage is ending too soon 143
SECTION 9 Taking your appeal to Levels 3, 4 and 5 146
SECTION 10 How to make a complaint about quality of care, waiting times, customer
service, or other concerns 148
CHAPTER 10: Ending membership in our plan 152
SECTION 1 Ending your membership in our plan 152
SECTION 2 When can you end your membership in our plan? 152
SECTION 3 How to end your membership in our plan? 153
SECTION 4 Until your membership ends, you must keep getting your medical items,
services and drugs through our plan 154
SECTION 5 Aetna Medicare Select (HMO‑POS) must end our plan membership in
certain situations 154
CHAPTER 11: Legal notices 156
SECTION 1 Notice about governing law 156
SECTION 2 Notice about non discrimination 156
SECTION 3 Notice about Medicare Secondary Payer subrogation rights 156
SECTION 4 Notice about recovery of overpayments 158
SECTION 5 National Coverage Determinations 158

4 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Table of Contents
CHAPTER 12: Definitions 159
APPENDIX A: Important contact information 169

CHAPTER 1:
Get started as a member
SECTION 1 You're a member of Aetna Medicare Select (HMO‑POS)
You’re enrolled in Aetna Medicare Select (HMO‑POS), which is a Medicare HMO
Section 1.1
Point‑of‑Service plan
You're covered by Medicare, and you chose to get your Medicare health and your drug coverage through
our plan, Aetna Medicare Select (HMO‑POS). Our plan covers all Part A and Part B services. However, cost
sharing and provider access in this plan are different from Original Medicare.
Aetna Medicare Select (HMO‑POS) is a Medicare Advantage HMO Plan (HMO stands for Health
Maintenance Organization with a Point‑of‑Service (POS) option) approved by Medicare and run by a
private company. Point‑of‑Service means you can use providers outside our plan’s network for an
additional cost. (Go to Chapter 3, Section 2.4 for information about using the Point‑of‑Service option.)
Section 1.2 Legal information about the Evidence of Coverage
This Evidence of Coverage is part of our contract with you about how Aetna Medicare Select (HMO‑POS)
covers your care. Other parts of this contract include your enrollment form, the List of Covered Drugs
(formulary), and any notices you get from us about changes to your coverage or conditions that affect
your coverage. These notices are sometimes called riders or amendments.
The contract is in effect for the months you’re enrolled in Aetna Medicare Select (HMO‑POS) between
January 1, 2026 and December 31, 2026.
Medicare allows us to make changes to our plans we offer each calendar year. This means we can change
the costs and benefits of Aetna Medicare Select (HMO‑POS) after December 31, 2026. We can also
choose to stop offering our plan in your service area, after December 31, 2026.
Medicare (the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services) must approve Aetna Medicare Select
(HMO‑POS) each year. You can continue to get Medicare coverage as a member of our plan as long as we
choose to continue offering our plan and Medicare renews approval of our plan.
SECTION 2 Plan eligibility requirements
Section 2.1 Eligibility requirements
You’re eligible for membership in our plan as long as you meet all these conditions:
• You have both Medicare Part A and Medicare Part B
• You live in our geographic service area (described in Section 2.2). People who are incarcerated
aren’t considered to be living in the geographic service area, even if they're physically located in it.
• You’re a United States citizen or lawfully present in the United States
Section 2.2 Plan service area for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO‑POS)
Aetna Medicare Select (HMO‑POS) is only available to people who live in our plan service area. To stay a
member of our plan you must continue to live in our service area. The service area is described below.
Our service area includes these counties in Missouri: Barry, Barton, Cedar, Christian, Dade, Dallas,
Douglas, Greene, Hickory, Jasper, Laclede, Lawrence, McDonald, Newton, Ozark, Polk, Stone, Taney,

6 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 1. Get started as a member
Webster, Wright.
If you move out of our plan’s service area, you can’t stay a member of this plan. Call Member Services at
1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users call 711) to see if we have a plan in your new area. When you move, you’ll
have a Special Enrollment Period to either switch to Original Medicare or enroll in a Medicare health or
drug plan in your new location.
If you move or change your mailing address, it's also important to call Social Security. Call Social Security
at 1‑800‑772‑1213 (TTY users call 1‑800‑325‑0778).
Section 2.3 U.S. citizen or lawful presence
You must be a U.S. citizen or lawfully present in the United States to be a member of a Medicare health
plan. Medicare (the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services) will notify Aetna Medicare Select
(HMO‑POS) if you’re not eligible to stay a member of our plan on this basis. Aetna Medicare Select
(HMO‑POS) must disenroll you if you don’t meet this requirement.
SECTION 3 Important membership materials
Section 3.1 Our plan membership card
Use your membership card whenever you get services covered by our plan and for prescription drugs you
get at network pharmacies. You should also show the provider your Medicaid card, if you have one.
Sample plan membership card:
DON’T use your red, white, and blue Medicare card for covered medical services while you’re a member
of this plan. If you use your Medicare card instead of your Aetna Medicare Select (HMO‑POS) membership
card, you may have to pay the full cost of medical services yourself. Keep your Medicare card in a safe
place. You may be asked to show it if you need hospital services, hospice services, or participate in
Medicare approved clinical research studies (also called clinical trials).
If our plan membership card is damaged, lost, or stolen, call Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY
users call 711) right away and we’ll send you a new card.
Section 3.2 Provider & Pharmacy Directory
The Provider & Pharmacy Directory (AetnaMedicare.com/findprovider and
AetnaMedicare.com/findpharmacy) lists our current network providers, durable medical equipment
suppliers, and network pharmacies. Network providers are the doctors and other health care
professionals, medical groups, durable medical equipment suppliers, hospitals, and other health care
facilities that have an agreement with us to accept our payment and any plan cost sharing as payment in
full.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 7
Chapter 1. Get started as a member
You must use network providers to get your medical care and services. If you go elsewhere without proper
authorization you’ll have to pay in full. The only exceptions are emergencies, urgently needed services
when the network isn’t available (that is, situations when it’s unreasonable or not possible to obtain
services in‑network), out‑of‑area dialysis services, and cases in which Aetna Medicare Select (HMO‑POS)
authorizes use of out‑of‑network providers.
Our plan is a Medicare Advantage Health Maintenance Organization (HMO) with a Point‑of‑Service option
(POS), which means you may also elect to receive some covered services from out‑of‑network providers.
Go to Chapter 3 for more specific information about the Point‑of‑Service (POS) option.
Get the most recent list of providers and suppliers on our website at AetnaMedicare.com/findprovider.
Network pharmacies are pharmacies that agree to fill covered prescriptions for our plan members. Use
the Provider & Pharmacy Directory to find the network pharmacy that you want to use. Go to Chapter 5,
Section 2.4 for information on when you can use pharmacies that aren’t in our plan’s network.
The Provider & Pharmacy Directory also shows which pharmacies in our network have preferred cost
sharing, which may be lower than the standard cost sharing offered by other network pharmacies for
some drugs.
Get the most recent list of pharmacies is available on our website at AetnaMedicare.com/findpharmacy.
If you don’t have a Provider & Pharmacy Directory, you can ask for a copy (electronically or in paper form)
from Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users call 711). Requested paper Provider & Pharmacy
Directories will be mailed to you within 3 business days.
Section 3.3 Drug List (formulary)
Our plan has a List of Covered Drugs (also called the Drug List or formulary). It tells which prescription
drugs are covered under the Part D benefit included in Aetna Medicare Select (HMO‑POS). The drugs on
this list are selected by our plan, with the help of doctors and pharmacists. The Drug List must meet
Medicare’s requirements. Drugs with negotiated prices under the Medicare Drug Price Negotiation
Program will be included on your Drug List unless they have been removed and replaced as described in
Chapter 5, Section 6. Medicare approved the Aetna Medicare Select (HMO‑POS) Drug List.
The Drug List also tells if there are any rules that restrict coverage for a drug.
We’ll give you a copy of the Drug List. To get the most complete and current information about which
drugs are covered, visit AetnaMedicare.com/formulary or call Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670
(TTY users call 711).
SECTION 4 Summary of Important Costs for 2026
Your costs in 2026
Monthly plan premium* $0
*Your premium can be higher than this amount.
Go to Section 4.1 for details.
Deductible $0

8 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 1. Get started as a member
Your costs in 2026
Maximum out‑of‑pocket amount $3,400
This is the most you’ll pay out‑of‑pocket for
covered services.
(Go to Chapter 4 Section 1 for details.)
Primary care office visits $0 per visit
Specialist office visits $25 per visit
Inpatient hospital stays $310 per day, days 1‑6; $0 per day, days 7‑90; $0
copay for additional days for each medically
necessary covered inpatient stay.
Part D drug coverage deductible $615 (Tiers 3–5) except for covered insulin
(Go to Chapter 6 Section 4 for details.) products and most adult Part D vaccines.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 9
Chapter 1. Get started as a member
Your costs in 2026
Part D drug coverage Copayment/Coinsurance during the Initial
(Go to Chapter 6 for details, including Yearly Coverage Stage:
Deductible, Initial Coverage, and Catastrophic
Coverage Stages.) Drug Tier 1:
Standard cost‑sharing: You pay $2 per
prescription.
Preferred cost‑sharing:
You pay $0 per prescription.
Drug Tier 2:
Standard cost‑sharing:
You pay $12 per prescription.
Preferred cost‑sharing:
You pay $0 per prescription.
Drug Tier 3:
Standard cost‑sharing:
You pay 24% of the total cost.
You pay no more than $35 per month supply of
each covered insulin product on this tier.
Preferred cost‑sharing:
You pay 24% of the total cost.
You pay no more than $35 per month supply of
each covered insulin product on this tier.
Drug Tier 4:
Standard cost‑sharing:
You pay 25% of the total cost.
You pay no more than $35 per month supply of
each covered insulin product on this tier.
Preferred cost‑sharing:
You pay 25% of the total cost.
You pay no more than $35 per month supply of
each covered insulin product on this tier.
Drug Tier 5:
Standard cost‑sharing:
You pay 25% of the total cost.
You pay no more than $35 per month supply of
each covered insulin product on this tier.
Preferred cost‑sharing:
You pay 25% of the total cost.

10 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 1. Get started as a member
Your costs in 2026
You pay no more than $35 per month supply of
each covered insulin product on this tier.
Catastrophic Coverage Stage:
• During this payment stage, you pay nothing
for your covered Part D drugs.
Your costs can include the following:
• Plan Premium (Section 4.1)
• Monthly Medicare Part B Premium (Section 4.2)
• Part D Late Enrollment Penalty (Section 4.3)
• Income Related Monthly Adjusted Amount (Section 4.4)
• Medicare Prescription Payment Plan Amount (Section 4.5)
Section 4.1 Plan Premium
You don’t pay a separate monthly plan premium for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO‑POS).
Section 4.2 Monthly Medicare Part B Premium
Many members are required to pay other Medicare premiums
You must continue paying your Medicare premiums to stay a member of our plan. This includes your
premium for Part B. You may also pay a premium for Part A if you aren’t eligible for premium‑free Part A.
Section 4.3 Part D Late Enrollment Penalty
Some members are required to pay a Part D late enrollment penalty. The Part D late enrollment penalty is
an additional premium that must be paid for Part D coverage if at any time after your initial enrollment
period is over, there was a period of 63 days or more in a row when you didn’t have Part D or other
creditable drug coverage. Creditable drug coverage is coverage that meets Medicare’s minimum
standards since it is expected to pay, on average, at least as much as Medicare’s standard drug coverage.
The cost of the late enrollment penalty depends on how long you went without Part D or other creditable
drug coverage. You’ll have to pay this penalty for as long as you have Part D coverage.
When you first enroll in Aetna Medicare Select (HMO‑POS), we let you know the amount of the penalty.
You don’t have to pay the Part D late enrollment penalty if:
• You get Extra Help from Medicare to help pay your drug costs.
• You went less than 63 days in a row without creditable coverage.
• You had creditable drug coverage through another source (like a former employer, union, TRICARE,
or Veterans Health Administration (VA)). Your insurer or human resources department will tell you
each year if your drug coverage is creditable coverage. You may get this information in a letter or in

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 11
Chapter 1. Get started as a member
a newsletter from that plan. Keep this information because you may need it if you join a Medicare
drug plan later.
Note: Any letter or notice must state that you had creditable prescription drug coverage that’s
○
expected to pay as much as Medicare’s standard drug plan pays.
Note: Prescription drug discount cards, free clinics, and drug discount websites aren’t
○
creditable prescription drug coverage.
Medicare determines the amount of the Part D late enrollment penalty. Here’s how it works:
• If you went 63 days or more without Part D or other creditable prescription drug coverage after you
were first eligible to enroll in Part D, our plan will count the number of full months you didn’t have
coverage. The penalty is 1% for every month you did not have creditable coverage. For example, if
you go 14 months without coverage, the penalty percentage will be 14%.
• Then Medicare determines the amount of the average monthly plan premium for Medicare drug
plans in the nation from the previous year (national base beneficiary premium). For 2026, this
average premium amount is $38.99
• To calculate your monthly penalty, multiply the penalty percentage by the national base beneficiary
premium and round it to the nearest 10 cents. In the example here, it would be 14% times $38.99,
which equals $5.46. This rounds to $5.50. This amount would be added to the monthly plan
premium for someone with a Part D late enrollment penalty.
Three important things to know about the monthly Part D late enrollment penalty:
• The penalty may change each year because the national base beneficiary premium can change
each year.
• You'll continue to pay a penalty every month for as long as you’re enrolled in a plan that has
Medicare Part D drug benefits, even if you change plans.
• If you're under 65 and enrolled in Medicare, the Part D late enrollment penalty will reset when you
turn 65. After age 65, your Part D late enrollment penalty will be based only on the months you don’t
have coverage after your initial enrollment period for aging into Medicare.
If you disagree about your Part D late enrollment penalty, you or your representative can ask for a
review. Generally, you must ask for this review within 60 days from the date on the first letter you get
stating you have to pay a late enrollment penalty. However, if you were paying a penalty before you joined
our plan, you may not have another chance to ask for a review of that late enrollment penalty.
Section 4.4 Income Related Monthly Adjustment Amount
Some members may be required to pay an extra charge, known as the Part D Income Related Monthly
Adjustment Amount (IRMAA). The extra charge is calculated using your modified adjusted gross income
as reported on your IRS tax return from 2 years ago. If this amount is above a certain amount, you’ll pay
the standard premium amount and the additional IRMAA. For more information on the extra amount you
may have to pay based on your income, visit www.Medicare.gov/health-drug-plans/part-
d/basics/costs.
If you have to pay an extra IRMAA, Social Security, not your Medicare plan, will send you a letter telling you
what that extra amount will be. The extra amount will be withheld from your Social Security, Railroad
Retirement Board, or Office of Personnel Management benefit check, no matter how you usually pay our
plan premium, unless your monthly benefit isn’t enough to cover the extra amount owed. If your benefit
check isn’t enough to cover the extra amount, you’ll get a bill from Medicare. You must pay the extra
IRMAA to the government. It can’t be paid with your monthly plan premium. If you don’t pay the extra
IRMAA, you’ll be disenrolled from our plan and lose prescription drug coverage.
If you disagree about paying an extra IRMAA, you can ask Social Security to review the decision. To find

12 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 1. Get started as a member
out how to do this, call Social Security at 1‑800‑772‑1213 (TTY users call 1‑800‑325‑0778).
Section 4.5 Medicare Prescription Payment Plan Amount
If you’re participating in the Medicare Prescription Payment Plan, each month you’ll pay our plan premium
(if you have one) and you’ll get a bill from your health or drug plan for our prescription drugs (instead of
paying the pharmacy). Your monthly bill is based on what you owe for any prescriptions you get, plus your
previous month’s balance, divided by the number of months left in the year.
Chapter 2, Section 7 tells more about the Medicare Prescription Payment Plan. If you disagree with the
amount billed as part of this payment option, you can follow the steps in Chapter 9 to make a complaint or
appeal.
SECTION 5 More information about your monthly plan premium
Section 5.1 How to pay your Part D late enrollment penalty
There are 5 ways you can pay the penalty. You may inform us of your payment option choice or change
your choice by calling Member Services.
Option 1: Pay by check
If you did not select a payment option on our enrollment application at the time you enrolled in our plan,
we will automatically set you up on the invoice method so that you can make your payments by check.
You may decide to pay your monthly Part D late enrollment penalty to us by check using our invoice
method. Please make your checks payable to our plan (which is indicated on your invoice) not to CMS nor
HHS. Monthly Part D late enrollment penalty payments are due the 1st day of each month for coverage of
the current month. We must receive your check and corresponding month’s invoice slip in our office by
the 10th of each month to prevent your account from becoming delinquent. All monthly Part D late
enrollment penalty payments should be sent to the address listed on your payment invoice.
You will receive your first invoice within 45 days of your coverage effective date. You will then receive it
every month going forward if a balance is owed. Be sure to include your invoice slip with your check to
ensure the appropriate credit is applied to your account. In the event that you need a replacement invoice
or you wish to change your payment method, please call Member Services for assistance.
Option 2: Paying at a CVS Pharmacy
If a barcode is printed on your invoice, you may pay your monthly Part D late enrollment penalty at any
retail CVS location (excluding CVS pharmacies in Target and Schnucks stores). You can do this by taking
your invoice and having it rung up at the register like any prescription or item you are purchasing. The CVS
associate will ask you how much you would like to pay toward your premium and you will need to confirm
the amount on the credit/debit card machine. You will then be able to pay the premium along with any
other items you are purchasing with cash or credit/debit cards.
You do not need to fill a prescription or use CVS pharmacies for any of your prescriptions in order to take
advantage of this payment method. You do not need to sign up for any CVS loyalty programs to use this
payment method. A unique barcode is assigned to each member so you may not use another person’s
invoice to pay your bill. This payment method is only available to members with a barcode printed on their
monthly invoice. If you have any questions about this payment method, please contact Member Services
and not CVS associates.
Option 3: Paying by automatic withdrawal
You may decide to pay your monthly Part D late enrollment penalty by an automatic payment from your
checking/savings account or credit/debit card by the Electronic Fund Transfer (EFT) option.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 13
Chapter 1. Get started as a member
• To enroll in this program online, go to AetnaMedicare.com/PayBill. Select the following deduction
options: “on due date” and “amount due”.
• Alternatively, you may contact Member Services or complete and return the authorization form
located on your premium invoice. Your plan premium will be automatically deducted from your bank
account between the 10th and the 15th of each month unless it is a weekend or bank holiday, then
the deduction will occur the next business day. By selecting this payment option, you will no longer
receive an invoice.
Option 4: Using your credit/debit card or via e‑check
You may pay your Part D late enrollment penalty each month by using your credit/debit card or checking
account. Please remember all premiums are due on the first of the month.
• Pay each month or set up a recurring payment selecting your choice of withdrawal date and amount
online at AetnaMedicare.com/PayBill.
• You may also call Member Services to make a payment over the phone. You will continue to receive
an invoice if you set up this payment option.
Option 5: Have Part D late enrollment penalties deducted from your monthly Social Security check
Changing the way you pay your Part D late enrollment penalty.
If you decide to change how you pay your Part D late enrollment penalty it can take up to 3 months for
your new payment method to take effect. While we process your new payment method, you’re still
responsible for making sure your Part D late enrollment penalty is paid on time. To change your payment
method, call Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users call 711).
If you have trouble paying your Part D late enrollment penalty
If you have trouble paying your Part D late enrollment penalty if owed, on time, call Member Services at
1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users call 711) to see if we can direct you to programs that will help with your costs.
Section 5.2 Our monthly plan premium won’t change during the year
We’re not allowed to change our plan’s monthly plan premium amount during the year. If the monthly plan
premium changes for next year, we’ll tell you in September and the new premium will take effect on
January 1.
However, in some cases you may be able to stop paying a late enrollment penalty, if you owe one, or you
may need to start paying a late enrollment penalty. This could happen if you become eligible for Extra Help
or lose your eligibility for Extra Help during the year:
• If you currently pay a Part D late enrollment penalty and become eligible for Extra Help during the
year, you’d be able to stop paying your penalty.
• If you lose Extra Help, you may be subject to the Part D late enrollment penalty if you go 63 days or
more in a row without Part D or other creditable drug coverage.
Find out more about Extra Help in Chapter 2, Section 7.
SECTION 6 Keep our plan membership record up to date
Your membership record has information from your enrollment form, including your address and phone
number. It shows your specific plan coverage including your Primary Care Provider/Medical Group/IPA. A
Medical Group is a group of physicians and other health care providers under contract to provide services
to members of our plan. An IPA, or Independent Practice Association, is an independent group of
physicians and other health care providers under contract to provide services to members of our plan.

14 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 1. Get started as a member
The doctors, hospitals, pharmacists, and other providers in our plan’s network use your membership
record to know what services and drugs are covered and your cost‑sharing amounts. Because of this,
it’s very important to help us keep your information up to date.
If you have any of these changes, let us know:
• Changes to your name, address, or phone number
• Changes in any other health coverage you have (such as from your employer, your spouse or
domestic partner’s employer, workers’ compensation, or Medicaid)
• Any liability claims, such as claims from an automobile accident
• If you’re admitted to a nursing home
• If you get care in an out‑of‑area or out‑of‑network hospital or emergency room
• If your designated responsible party (such as a caregiver) changes
• If you participate in a clinical research study. (Note: You’re not required to tell our plan about clinical
research studies you intend to participate in, but we encourage you to do so.)
If any of this information changes, let us know by calling Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users
call 711).
It's also important to contact Social Security if you move or change your mailing address. Call Social
Security at 1‑800‑772‑1213 (TTY users call 1‑800‑325‑0778).
SECTION 7 How other insurance works with our plan
Medicare requires us to collect information about any other medical or drug coverage you have so we can
coordinate any other coverage with your benefits under our plan. This is called Coordination of Benefits.
Once a year, we'll send you a letter that lists any other medical or drug coverage we know about. Read this
information carefully. If it's correct, you don't have to do anything. If the information isn't correct, or if you
have other coverage that's not listed, call Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users call 711). You
may need to give our plan member ID number to your other insurers (once you confirm their identity) so
your bills are paid correctly and on time.
When you have other insurance (like employer group health coverage), Medicare rules decide whether
our plan or your other insurance pays first. The insurance that pays first (the "primary payer"), pays up to
the limits of its coverage. The insurance that pays second (the "secondary payer"), only pays if there are
costs left uncovered by the primary coverage. The secondary payer may not pay all the uncovered costs.
If you have other insurance, tell your doctor, hospital, and pharmacy.
These rules apply for employer or union group health plan coverage:
• If you have retiree coverage, Medicare pays first.
• If your group health plan coverage is based on your or a family member’s current employment, who
pays first depends on your age, the number of people employed by your employer, and whether you
have Medicare based on age, disability, or End‑Stage Renal Disease (ESRD):
If you’re under 65 and disabled and you (or your family member) are still working, your group
○
health plan pays first if the employer has 100 or more employees or at least one employer in a
multiple employer plan has more than 100 employees.
If you’re over 65 and you (or your spouse or domestic partner) are still working, your group
○
health plan pays first if the employer has 20 or more employees or at least one employer in a
multiple employer plan has more than 20 employees.
• If you have Medicare because of ESRD, your group health plan will pay first for the first 30 months
after you become eligible for Medicare.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 15
Chapter 1. Get started as a member
These types of coverage usually pay first for services related to each type:
• No‑fault insurance (including automobile insurance)
• Liability (including automobile insurance)
• Black lung benefits
• Workers’ compensation
Medicaid and TRICARE never pay first for Medicare‑covered services. They only pay after Medicare,
employer group health plans, and/or Medigap have paid.

CHAPTER 2:
Phone numbers and resources
SECTION 1 Aetna Medicare Select (HMO‑POS) contacts
For help with claims, billing, or member card questions, call or write to Aetna Medicare Select (HMO‑POS)
Member Services. We’ll be happy to help you.
Member Services – Contact Information
1‑833‑570‑6670 or the number on your member ID card
Calls to this number are free.
Call Hours of operation are 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week.
Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users call 711) also has free
language interpreter services for non‑English speakers.
711
TTY Calls to this number are free.
Hours of operation are 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week.
Fax 1‑866‑759‑4415
Aetna Medicare
Write PO Box 14088
Lexington, KY 40512
Website AetnaMedicare.com
How to ask for a coverage decision or appeal about your medical care
A coverage decision is a decision we make about your benefits and coverage or about the amount we pay
for your medical services or Part D drugs. An appeal is a formal way of asking us to review and change a
coverage decision. For more information on how to ask for coverage decisions or appeals about your
medical care or Part D drugs, go to Chapter 9.
Coverage Decisions for Medical Care – Contact Information
1‑833‑570‑6670 or the number on your member ID card
Call Calls to this number are free.
Hours of operation are 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week.
711
TTY Calls to this number are free.
Hours of operation are 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week.
Fax 1‑866‑759‑4415
Aetna Medicare Precertification Unit
Write PO Box 14079
Lexington, KY 40512
Website AetnaMedicare.com
Coverage Decisions for Part D Drugs – Contact Information
1‑800‑414‑2386
Call Calls to this number are free.
Hours of operation are 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 17
Chapter 2. Phone numbers and resources
Coverage Decisions for Part D Drugs – Contact Information
711
TTY Calls to this number are free.
Hours of operation are 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
Fax 1‑800‑408‑2386
Aetna Medicare Coverage Determinations
Write PO Box 14095
Lexington, KY 40512
Website AetnaMedicare.com
Appeals for Medical Care – Contact Information
1‑800‑282‑5366
Call Calls to this number are free.
Hours of operation are 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week.
711
TTY Calls to this number are free.
Hours of operation are 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week.
1‑724‑741‑4953
Fax
Expedited appeals: 1‑724‑741‑4958
Aetna Medicare Part C Appeals
Write PO Box 14067
Lexington, KY 40512
Website Aetna.com/medicare/contact-us/appeals-grievances.html
Appeals for Part D Drugs – Contact Information
1‑866‑241‑0357
Call Calls to this number are free.
Hours of operation are 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
711
TTY Calls to this number are free.
Hours of operation are 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
Fax 1‑724‑741‑4954
Aetna Medicare Part D Appeals
Write PO Box 14579
Lexington, KY 40512
Website AetnaMedicare.com
How to make a complaint about your medical care
You can make a complaint about us or one of our network providers, including a complaint about the
quality of your care. This type of complaint doesn’t involve coverage or payment disputes. For more
information on how to make a complaint about your medical care, go to Chapter 9.

18 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 2. Phone numbers and resources
Complaints about Medical Care – Contact Information
1‑833‑570‑6670 or the number on your member ID card
Call Calls to this number are free.
Hours of operation are 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week.
711
TTY Calls to this number are free.
Hours of operation are 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week.
Fax 1‑724‑741‑4956
Aetna Medicare Grievances
Write PO Box 14834
Lexington, KY 40512
To submit a complaint about Aetna Medicare Select (HMO‑POS) directly to
Medicare Website
Medicare, go to www.Medicare.gov/my/medicare-complaint.
Complaints about Part D Drugs – Contact Information
1‑833‑570‑6670 or the number on your member ID card
Call Calls to this number are free.
Hours of operation are 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week.
711
TTY Calls to this number are free.
Hours of operation are 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week.
Fax 1‑724‑741‑4956
Aetna Medicare Grievances
Write PO Box 14834
Lexington, KY 40512
To submit a complaint about Aetna Medicare Select (HMO‑POS) directly to
Medicare Website
Medicare, go to www.Medicare.gov/my/medicare-complaint.
How to ask us to pay our share of the cost for medical care or a drug you got
If you got a bill or paid for services (like a provider bill) you think we should pay for, you may need to ask us
for reimbursement or to pay the provider bill. Go to Chapter 7 for more information.
If you send us a payment request and we deny any part of your request, you can appeal our decision. Go
to Chapter 9 for more information.
Payment Requests for Medical Coverage – Contact Information
Fax 1‑866‑474‑4040
Aetna Medicare
Write PO Box 981106
El Paso, TX 79998‑1106
Website AetnaMedicare.com

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 19
Chapter 2. Phone numbers and resources
Payment Requests for Part D Drugs – Contact Information
Aetna Pharmacy Management
Write PO Box 52446
Phoenix, AZ 85072‑2446
Website AetnaMedicare.com
SECTION 2 Get help from Medicare
Medicare is the federal health insurance program for people 65 years of age or older, some people under
age 65 with disabilities, and people with End‑Stage Renal Disease (permanent kidney failure requiring
dialysis or a kidney transplant).
The federal agency in charge of Medicare is the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS). This
agency contracts with Medicare Advantage organizations, including our plan.
Medicare – Contact Information
1‑800‑MEDICARE (1‑800‑633‑4227)
Call Calls to this number are free.
24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
1‑877‑486‑2048
This number requires special telephone equipment and is only for people who
TTY
have difficulties hearing or speaking.
Calls to this number are free.
Chat Live Chat live at Medicare.gov/talk-to-someone
Write Write to Medicare at PO Box 1270, Lawrence, KS 66044
Website Medicare.gov
• Get information about the Medicare health and drug plans in your area,
including what they cost and what services they provide.
• Find Medicare‑participating doctors or other health care providers and
suppliers.
• Find out what Medicare covers, including preventive services (like
screenings, shots or vaccines, and yearly “Wellness” visits).
• Get Medicare appeals information and forms.
• Get information about the quality of care provided by plans, nursing
homes, hospitals, doctors, home health agencies, dialysis facilities,
hospice centers, inpatient rehabilitation facilities, and long‑term care
hospitals.
• Look up helpful websites and phone numbers.
You can also visit Medicare.gov to tell Medicare about any complaints you
have about Aetna Medicare Select (HMO‑POS).
To submit a complaint to Medicare, go to
www.Medicare.gov/my/medicare-complaint. Medicare takes your
complaints seriously and will use this information to help improve the quality
of the Medicare program.

20 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 2. Phone numbers and resources
SECTION 3 State Health Insurance Assistance Program (SHIP)
The State Health Insurance Assistance Program (SHIP) is a government program with trained counselors
in every state that offers free help, information, and answers to your Medicare questions. Refer to
Appendix A at the back of this document for the name and contact information of the State Health
Insurance Assistance Program in your state.
SHIP is an independent state program (not connected with any insurance company or health plan) that
gets money from the federal government to give free local health insurance counseling to people with
Medicare.
SHIP counselors can help you understand your Medicare rights, make complaints about your medical care
or treatment, and straighten out problems with your Medicare bills. SHIP counselors can also help you
with Medicare questions or problems, help you understand your Medicare plan choices, and answer
questions about switching plans.
SECTION 4 Quality Improvement Organization (QIO)
A designated Quality Improvement Organization (QIO) serves people with Medicare in each state. Refer to
Appendix A at the back of this document for the name and contact information of the Quality
Improvement Organization in your state.
The Quality Improvement Organization has a group of doctors and other health care professionals paid by
Medicare to check on and help improve the quality of care for people with Medicare. The Quality
Improvement Organization is an independent organization. It’s not connected with our plan.
Contact the Quality Improvement Organization in any of these situations:
• You have a complaint about the quality of care you got. Examples of quality‑of‑care concerns
include getting the wrong medication, unnecessary tests or procedures, or a misdiagnosis.
• You think coverage for your hospital stay is ending too soon.
• You think coverage for your home health care, skilled nursing facility care, or Comprehensive
Outpatient Rehabilitation Facility (CORF) services is ending too soon.
SECTION 5 Social Security
Social Security determines Medicare eligibility and handles Medicare enrollment. Social Security is also
responsible for determining who has to pay an extra amount for Part D drug coverage because they have
a higher income. If you got a letter from Social Security telling you that you have to pay the extra amount
and have questions about the amount or if your income went down because of a life‑changing event, you
can call Social Security to ask for reconsideration.
If you move or change your mailing address, contact Social Security to let them know.
Social Security – Contact Information
1‑800‑772‑1213
Calls to this number are free.
Call Available 8 am to 7 pm, Monday through Friday.
Use Social Security’s automated telephone services to get recorded
information and conduct some business 24 hours a day.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 21
Chapter 2. Phone numbers and resources
Social Security – Contact Information
1‑800‑325‑0778
This number requires special telephone equipment and is only for people who
TTY have difficulties with hearing or speaking.
Calls to this number are free.
Available 8 am to 7 pm, Monday through Friday.
Website SSA.gov
SECTION 6 Medicaid
Medicaid is a joint federal and state government program that helps with medical costs for certain people
with limited incomes and resources. Some people with Medicare are also eligible for Medicaid. Medicaid
offers programs to help people with Medicare pay their Medicare costs, such as their Medicare premiums.
These Medicare Savings Programs include:
• Qualified Medicare Beneficiary (QMB): Helps pay Medicare Part A and Part B premiums, and other
cost sharing (like deductibles, coinsurance, and copayments). (Some people with QMB are also
eligible for full Medicaid benefits (QMB+).)
• Specified Low‑Income Medicare Beneficiary (SLMB): Helps pay Part B premiums. (Some people
with SLMB are also eligible for full Medicaid benefits (SLMB+).)
• Qualifying Individual (QI): Helps pay Part B premiums.
• Qualified Disabled & Working Individuals (QDWI): Helps pay Part A premiums.
To find out more about Medicaid and Medicaid Savings Programs, contact your state Medicaid agency.
Refer to Appendix A at the back of this document for the name and contact information for the Medicaid
agency in your state.
SECTION 7 Programs to help people pay for prescription drugs
The Medicare website (www.Medicare.gov/basics/costs/help/drug-costs) has information on ways to
lower your prescription drug costs. The programs below can help people with limited incomes.
Extra Help from Medicare
Medicare and Social Security have a program called Extra Help that can help pay drug costs for people
with limited income and resources. If you qualify, you get help paying for your Medicare drug plan’s
monthly plan premium, yearly deductible, and copayments. Extra Help also counts toward your
out‑of‑pocket costs.
If you automatically qualify for Extra Help, Medicare will mail you a purple letter to let you know. If you
don’t automatically qualify, you can apply anytime. To see if you qualify for getting Extra Help:
• Visit https://secure.ssa.gov/i1020/start to apply online.
• Call Social Security at 1‑800‑772‑1213. TTY users call 1‑800‑325‑0778.
When you apply for Extra Help, you can also start the application process for a Medicare Savings Program
(MSP). These state programs provide help with other Medicare costs. Social Security will send information
to your state to initiate an MSP application, unless you tell them not to on the Extra Help application.
If you qualify for Extra Help and you think that you’re paying an incorrect amount for your prescription at a
pharmacy, our plan has a process to help you get evidence of the right copayment amount. If you already
have evidence of the right amount, we can help you share this evidence with us.

22 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 2. Phone numbers and resources
• You can send your evidence documentation to us using any of the following contact methods:
Best Available Evidence – Contact Information
Best Available Evidence
Write PO Box 14076
Lexington, KY 40512
Fax 1‑888‑665‑6296
Email BAE/LISmailbox@aetna.com
• When we get the evidence showing the right copayment level, we’ll update our system so you can
pay the right amount when you get your next prescription. If you overpay your copayment, we’ll pay
you back, either by check or a future copayment credit. If the pharmacy didn’t collect your
copayment and you owe them a debt, we may make the payment directly to the pharmacy. If a state
paid on your behalf, we may make the payment directly to the state. Call Member Services at
1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users call 711) if you have questions.
What if you have Extra Help and coverage from a State Pharmaceutical Assistance Program (SPAP)?
Many states offer help paying for prescriptions, drug plan premiums and/or other drug costs. If you’re
enrolled in a State Pharmaceutical Assistance Program (SPAP), Medicare's Extra Help pays first.
What if you have Extra Help and coverage from an AIDS Drug Assistance Program (ADAP)?
The AIDS Drug Assistance Program (ADAP) helps people living with HIV/AIDS access life‑saving HIV
medications. Medicare Part D drugs that are also on the ADAP formulary qualify for prescription
cost‑sharing help through the ADAP in your state (telephone numbers are in Appendix A at the back of
this document).
NOTE: To be eligible for the ADAP in your state, people must meet certain criteria, including proof of state
residence and HIV status, low income (as defined by the state), and uninsured/under‑insured status. If you
change plans, notify your local ADAP enrollment worker so you can continue to get help. For information
on eligibility criteria, covered drugs, or how to enroll in the program, call your state ADAP contact. (Refer to
Appendix A at the back of this document for the name and contact information of the ADAP in your
state.)
State Pharmaceutical Assistance Programs
Many states have State Pharmaceutical Assistance Programs that help some people pay for prescription
drugs based on financial need, age, medical condition, or disabilities. Each state has different rules to
provide drug coverage to its members.
Refer to Appendix A at the back of this document for the name and contact information of the State
Pharmaceutical Assistance Program in your state.
Medicare Prescription Payment Plan
The Medicare Prescription Payment Plan is a payment option that works with your current drug coverage,
and it can help you manage your costs for drugs covered by our plan by spreading them across the
calendar year (January – December). Anyone with a Medicare drug plan or Medicare health plan with
drug coverage (like a Medicare Advantage plan with drug coverage) can use this payment option. This
payment option might help you manage your expenses, but it doesn’t save you money or lower your
drug costs. If you’re participating in the Medicare Prescription Payment Plan and stay in the same
Part D plan, your participation will be automatically renewed for 2026. To learn more about this

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 23
Chapter 2. Phone numbers and resources
payment option, call Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users call 711) or visit Medicare.gov.
Medicare Prescription Payment Plan – Contact Information
1‑833‑570‑6670 or the number on your member ID card
Calls to this number are free.
Call Hours of operation are 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week.
Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users call 711) also has free
language interpreter services for non‑English speakers.
711
TTY Calls to this number are free.
Hours of operation are 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week.
Aetna Medicare
Write PO Box 7
Pittsburgh, PA 15230
Website AetnaMedicare.com
SECTION 8 Railroad Retirement Board (RRB)
The Railroad Retirement Board is an independent federal agency that administers comprehensive benefit
programs for the nation’s railroad workers and their families. If you get Medicare through the Railroad
Retirement Board, let them know if you move or change your mailing address. For questions about your
benefits from the Railroad Retirement Board, contact the agency.
Railroad Retirement Board (RRB) – Contact Information
1‑877‑772‑5772
Calls to this number are free.
Press “0” to speak with an RRB representative from 9 am to 3:30 pm, Monday,
Call
Tuesday, Thursday, and Friday, and from 9 am to 12 pm on Wednesday.
Press “1” to access the automated RRB HelpLine and get recorded
information 24 hours a day, including weekends and holidays.
1‑312‑751‑4701
This number requires special telephone equipment and is only for people who
TTY
have difficulties hearing or speaking.
Calls to this number aren’t free.
Website https://RRB.gov
SECTION 9 If you have group insurance or other health insurance from an employer
If you (or your spouse or domestic partner) get benefits from your (or your spouse or domestic partner’s)
employer or retiree group as part of this plan, call the employer/union benefits administrator or Member
Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users call 711) with any questions. You can ask about your (or your
spouse or domestic partner’s) employer or retiree health benefits, premiums, or the enrollment period.
You can call 1‑800‑MEDICARE (1‑800‑633‑4227) with questions about your Medicare coverage under this
plan. TTY users call 1‑877‑486‑2048.
If you have other drug coverage through your (or your spouse or domestic partner’s) employer or retiree
group, contact that group’s benefits administrator. The benefits administrator can help you understand
how your current drug coverage will work with our plan.

CHAPTER 3:
Using our plan for your medical services
SECTION 1 How to get medical care as a member of our plan
This chapter explains what you need to know about using our plan to get your medical care covered.
For details on what medical care our plan covers and how much you pay when you get care, go to the
Medical Benefits Chart in Chapter 4.
Section 1.1 Network providers and covered services
• Providers are doctors and other health care professionals licensed by the state to provide medical
services and care. The term “providers” also includes hospitals and other health care facilities.
• Network providers are the doctors and other health care professionals, medical groups, hospitals,
and other health care facilities that have an agreement with us to accept our payment and your
cost‑sharing amount as payment in full. We arranged for these providers to deliver covered services
to members in our plan. The providers in our network bill us directly for care they give you. When
you see a network provider, you pay only your share of the cost for their services.
• Covered services include all the medical care, health care services, supplies, equipment, and
prescription drugs that are covered by our plan. Your covered services for medical care are listed in
the Medical Benefits Chart in Chapter 4. Your covered services for prescription drugs are discussed
in Chapter 5.
Section 1.2 Basic rules for your medical care to be covered by our plan
As a Medicare health plan, Aetna Medicare Select (HMO‑POS) must cover all services covered by Original
Medicare and follow Original Medicare’s coverage rules.
Aetna Medicare Select (HMO‑POS) will generally cover your medical care as long as:
• The care you get is included in our plan’s Medical Benefits Chart in Chapter 4.
• The care you get is considered medically necessary. Medically necessary means that the
services, supplies, equipment, or drugs are needed for the prevention, diagnosis, or treatment of
your medical condition and meet accepted standards of medical practice.
• You have a network primary care provider (a PCP) providing and overseeing your care. As a
member of our plan, you must choose a network PCP (go to Section 2.1 for more information).
• You must get your care from a network provider (go to Section 2). In most cases, care you get
from an out‑of‑network provider (a provider who's not part of our plan's network) won't be covered.
This means you have to pay the provider in full for services you get. Here are 4 exceptions:
Our plan covers emergency care or urgently needed services you get from an out‑of‑network
○
provider. For more information, and to see what emergency or urgently needed services are,
go to Section 3.
If you need medical care that Medicare requires our plan to cover but there are no specialists
○
in our network that provide this care, you can get this care from an out‑of‑network provider.
You should get prior authorization from our plan prior to seeking care. For information about
getting approval to see an out‑of‑network doctor, go to Section 2.4.
Our plan covers kidney dialysis services you get at a Medicare‑certified dialysis facility when
○
you’re temporarily outside our plan’s service area or when your provider for this service is
temporarily unavailable or inaccessible. The cost sharing you pay our plan for dialysis can
never be higher than the cost sharing in Original Medicare. If you’re outside our plan’s service
area and get dialysis from a provider that’s outside our plan’s network, your cost sharing can’t
be higher than the cost sharing you pay in‑network. However, if your usual in‑network provider
for dialysis is temporarily unavailable and you choose to get services inside our service area

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 25
Chapter 3. Using our plan for your medical services
from a provider outside our plan’s network, your cost sharing for the dialysis may be higher.
Because our plan has a Point‑of‑Service (POS) option, care you receive for certain services
○
from an out‑of‑network provider (a provider who is not part of our plan’s network) may be
covered.
SECTION 2 Use providers in our plan’s network to get medical care
Section 2.1 You must choose a Primary Care Provider (PCP) to provide and oversee your
medical care
What is a PCP and what does the PCP do for you?
As a member of our plan, you must have a network PCP on file with us. It is very important that you
choose a network PCP and tell us who you have chosen. Your PCP can help you stay healthy, treat
illnesses and coordinate your care with other health care providers. Your PCP (or PCP office) will appear
on your member ID card. If your member ID card does not show a PCP (or PCP office), or the PCP on your
card is not the one you want to use, please contact us immediately. If you use a PCP whose name (or
office name) is not printed on your member ID card, you may incur a higher cost share or your claims may
be denied.
Depending on where you live, the following types of providers may act as a PCP:
• General Practitioner
• Internist
• Family Practitioner
• Geriatrician
• Physician Assistants (Not available in all states)
• Nurse Practitioners (Not available in all states)
Please refer to your Provider & Pharmacy Directory or go to our website at
AetnaMedicare.com/findprovider for a complete listing of PCPs in your area.
What is the role of a PCP?
Your PCP will provide most of your care, and when you need more specialized services, they will
coordinate your care with other providers. They will help you find a specialist and will arrange for covered
services you get as a member of our plan. Some of the services that the PCP will coordinate include:
• X‑rays
• Laboratory tests
• Therapies
• Care from doctors who are specialists
• Hospital admissions
“Coordinating” your services includes consulting with other plan providers about your care and how it is
progressing. Since your PCP will provide and coordinate most of your medical care, we recommend that
you have your past medical records sent to your PCP’s office.
What is the role of the PCP in making decisions about or obtaining prior authorization (PA), if
applicable?
In some cases, your PCP or other provider or you as the enrollee (member) of the plan may need to get
approval in advance from our Medical Management Department for certain types of services or tests (this
is called getting “prior authorization”). Obtaining prior authorization is the responsibility of the PCP,
treating provider, or you as the member. Services and items requiring prior authorization are listed in

26 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 3. Using our plan for your medical services
Chapter 4.
How to choose a PCP
You can select your PCP by using the Provider & Pharmacy Directory, by accessing our website at
AetnaMedicare.com/findprovider, or getting help from Member Services. If you have not selected a
PCP, a PCP will be assigned to you. You can change your PCP (as explained later in this section) for any
reason, and at any time, by contacting Member Services.
How to change your PCP
You can change your PCP for any reason, at any time. It’s also possible that your PCP might leave our
plan’s network of providers and you’d need to choose a new PCP. Contact us immediately if your member
ID card does not show the PCP you want to use. We will update your file and send you a new member ID
card to reflect the change in PCP.
To change your PCP, call Member Services before you set up an appointment with a new PCP. When you
call, be sure to tell Member Services if you are seeing specialists or currently getting other covered
services that were coordinated by your PCP (such as home health services and durable medical
equipment). They will check to see if the PCP you want to switch to is accepting new patients. Member
Services will change your membership record to show the name of your new PCP, let you know the
effective date of your change request, and answer your questions about the change. They will also send
you a new membership card that shows the name and/or phone number of your new PCP.
Section 2.2 Medical care you can get without a PCP referral
You can get the services listed below without getting approval in advance from your PCP.
• Routine women’s health care, including breast exams, screening mammograms (x‑rays of the
breast), Pap tests, and pelvic exams .
• Behavioral health services as long as you get them from network providers. To access behavioral
health services, call the number on your member ID card.
• Flu shots, COVID‑19 vaccines, Hepatitis B vaccines, and pneumonia vaccines .
• Emergency services from network providers or from out‑of‑network providers.
• Urgently needed plan‑covered services are services that require immediate medical attention (but
not an emergency), if you’re either temporarily outside our plan’s service area, or if it’s unreasonable
given your time, place, and circumstances to get this service from network providers. Examples of
urgently needed services are unforeseen medical illnesses and injuries or unexpected flare‑ups of
existing conditions. Medically necessary routine provider visits (like annual checkups) aren’t
considered urgently needed even if you’re outside our plan’s service area or our plan network is
temporarily unavailable.
• Kidney dialysis services that you get at a Medicare‑certified dialysis facility when you’re temporarily
outside our plan’s service area. If possible, call Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users call
711) before you leave the service area so we can help arrange for you to have maintenance dialysis
while you’re away.
Section 2.3 How to get care from specialists and other network providers
A specialist is a doctor who provides health care services for a specific disease or part of the body. There
are many kinds of specialists. For example:
• Oncologists care for patients with cancer.
• Cardiologists care for patients with heart conditions.
• Orthopedists care for patients with certain bone, joint, or muscle conditions.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 27
Chapter 3. Using our plan for your medical services
What is the role of the PCP in referring members to specialists and other providers?
Your PCP will provide most of your care and will help arrange or coordinate the rest of the covered
services you get as a plan member. Your PCP may refer you to a specialist, but you can go to any
specialists in our network without a referral.
Prior authorization process
In some cases, your PCP, other provider, or you as the enrollee (member) of the plan, may need to get
approval in advance from our Medical Management Department for certain types of services or tests that
you receive in‑network (this is called getting “prior authorization”). Obtaining prior authorization is the
responsibility of the PCP, treating provider, or you as the member. Services and items requiring prior
authorization are listed in the Medical Benefits Chart in Chapter 4, Section 2.
When a specialist or another network provider leaves our plan
We may make changes to the hospitals, doctors, and specialists (providers) in our plan's network during
the year. If your doctor or specialist leaves our plan, you have these rights and protections:
• Even though our network of providers may change during the year, Medicare requires that you have
uninterrupted access to qualified doctors and specialists.
• We'll notify you that your provider is leaving our plan so that you have time to choose a new provider.
If your primary care or behavioral health provider leaves our plan, we'll notify you if you visited
○
that provider within the past 3 years.
If any of your other providers leave our plan, we'll notify you if you're assigned to the provider,
○
currently get care from them, or visited them within the past 3 months.
• We’ll help you choose a new qualified in‑network provider for continued care.
• If you're undergoing medical treatment or therapies with your current provider, you have the right to
ask to continue getting medically necessary treatment or therapies. We'll work with you so you can
continue to get care.
• We'll give you information about available enrollment periods and options you may have for
changing plans.
• When an in‑network provider or benefit is unavailable or inadequate to meet your medical needs,
we’ll arrange for any medically necessary covered benefit outside of our provider network at
in‑network cost sharing.
• If you find out your doctor or specialist is leaving your plan, contact us so we can help you choose a
new provider to manage your care.
• If you believe we haven't furnished you with a qualified provider to replace your previous provider or
that your care isn't being appropriately managed, you have the right to file a quality‑of‑care
complaint to the QIO, a quality‑of‑care grievance to our plan, or both (go to Chapter 9).
Section 2.4 How to get care from out‑of‑network providers
As a member of our plan, you must use network providers. If you receive unauthorized care from an
out‑of‑network provider, we may deny coverage and you will be responsible for the entire cost. Here are
four exceptions:
• The plan covers emergency care or urgently needed care that you get from an out‑of‑network
provider. For more information about this, and to see what emergency or urgently needed care
means, go to Section 3 in this chapter.
• If you need medical care that Medicare requires our plan to cover and the providers in our network
cannot provide this care, you can get this care from an out‑of‑network provider and you will pay the
same as you would pay if you got the care from a network provider. You should get prior
authorization from the plan prior to seeking care. Your PCP or other network provider will contact us
to obtain authorization for you to see an out‑of‑network provider.
• Kidney dialysis services that you get at a Medicare‑certified dialysis facility when you are
temporarily outside the plan’s service area.

28 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 3. Using our plan for your medical services
• Because our plan has a Point‑of‑Service (POS) option, care you receive from an out‑of‑network
provider (a provider who is not part of our plan’s network) for certain services may be covered.
Please see the Medical Benefits Chart in Chapter 4 for the list of services that are covered under
your POS option and the costs when you get services from out‑of‑network providers.
Out‑of‑network/non‑contracted providers are under no obligation to treat our plan members, except in
emergency situations. For a decision about whether we will cover an out‑of‑network service, we
encourage you or your provider to ask us for a pre‑service organization determination before you receive
the service. Please call our Member Services number or see your Evidence of Coverage for more
information, including the cost sharing that applies to out‑of‑network services.
Prior authorization is not required for covered services received out‑of‑network; however, if we later
determine that the services you received were not covered or were not medically necessary, we may deny
coverage and you will be responsible for the entire cost. You or your doctor may ask for a pre‑visit
coverage decision to confirm that the services you are getting are covered and are medically necessary
by calling Member Services.
You should ask the out‑of‑network provider to bill us first. If you have already paid for the covered services
or if the out‑of‑network provider sends you a bill that you think we should pay, please contact Member
Services or send us the bill. Go to Chapter 7 for information on how to ask us to pay you back or to pay a
bill you have received.
SECTION 3 How to get services in an emergency, disaster, or urgent need for care
Section 3.1 Get care if you have a medical emergency
A medical emergency is when you, or any other prudent layperson with an average knowledge of health
and medicine, believe that you have medical symptoms that require immediate medical attention to
prevent loss of life (and, if you’re a pregnant woman, loss of an unborn child), loss of a limb or function of a
limb, or loss of or serious impairment to a bodily function. The medical symptoms may be an illness, injury,
severe pain, or a medical condition that’s quickly getting worse.
If you have a medical emergency:
• Get help as quickly as possible. Call 911 for help or go to the nearest emergency room or hospital.
Call for an ambulance if you need it. You don’t need to get approval or a referral first from your PCP.
You don’t need to use a network doctor. You can get covered emergency medical care whenever
you need it, anywhere in the United States or its territories, and from any provider with an
appropriate state license even if they’re not part of our network.
• As soon as possible, make sure our plan has been told about your emergency. We need to follow
up on your emergency care. You or someone else should call to tell us about your emergency care,
usually within 48 hours. Please call Member Services (phone numbers are printed on your member
ID card).
Covered services in a medical emergency
Our plan covers worldwide services outside the United States under the following circumstances:
• Emergency care
• Urgently needed care
• Emergency ambulance transportation from the scene of an emergency to the nearest medical
treatment facility

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 29
Chapter 3. Using our plan for your medical services
Transportation back to the United States from another country is not covered. Pre‑scheduled and/or
elective procedures are not covered. See the Medical Benefits Chart in Chapter 4 for more information. Be
sure to get a copy of all your medical records from your emergency care or urgent care provider before
you leave; you may need them to file a claim or to help with claims processing. Without these records we
may not be able to pay your claim. You may have to pay the provider at the time of service and submit for
reimbursement. You will be reimbursed up to the annual maximum benefit amount less any applicable
copay or cost share.
Our plan covers ambulance services in situations where getting to the emergency room in any other way
could endanger your health. We also cover medical services during the emergency.
The doctors giving you emergency care will decide when your condition is stable and when the medical
emergency is over.
After the emergency is over, you’re entitled to follow‑up care to be sure your condition continues to be
stable. Your doctors will continue to treat you until your doctors contact us and make plans for additional
care. Your follow‑up care will be covered by our plan.
If your emergency care is provided by out‑of‑network providers, we'll try to arrange for network providers
to take over your care as soon as your medical condition and the circumstances allow.
What if it wasn’t a medical emergency?
Sometimes it can be hard to know if you have a medical emergency. For example, you might go in for
emergency care – thinking that your health is in serious danger – and the doctor may say that it wasn’t a
medical emergency after all. If it turns out that it wasn’t an emergency, as long as you reasonably thought
your health was in serious danger, we’ll cover your care.
However, after the doctor says it wasn’t an emergency, we'll cover additional care only if you get the
additional care in one of these 2 ways:
• You go to a network provider to get the additional care, or
• The additional care you get is considered urgently needed services and you follow the rules below
for getting this urgent care.
Section 3.2 Get care when you have an urgent need for services
A service that requires immediate medical attention (but isn’t an emergency) is an urgently needed
service if you’re either temporarily outside our plan’s service area, or if it’s unreasonable given your time,
place, and circumstances to get this service from network providers. Examples of urgently needed
services are unforeseen medical illnesses and injuries, or unexpected flare‑ups of existing conditions.
However, medically necessary routine provider visits, such as annual checkups, aren’t considered
urgently needed even if you’re outside our plan’s service area or our plan network is temporarily
unavailable.
If you need to locate an urgent care facility, you can find an in‑network urgent care center near you by
using the Provider & Pharmacy Directory, going to our website at AetnaMedicare.com/findprovider, or
getting help from Member Services.
Our plan covers worldwide services outside the United States under the following circumstances:
• Emergency care
• Urgently needed care

30 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 3. Using our plan for your medical services
• Emergency ambulance transportation from the scene of an emergency to the nearest medical
treatment facility
Transportation back to the United States from another country is not covered. Pre‑scheduled and/or
elective procedures are not covered. See the Medical Benefits Chart in Chapter 4 for more information. Be
sure to get a copy of all your medical records from your emergency care or urgent care provider before
you leave; you may need them to file a claim or to help with claims processing. Without these records we
may not be able to pay your claim. You may have to pay the provider at the time of service and submit for
reimbursement. You will be reimbursed up to the annual maximum benefit amount less any applicable
copay or cost share.
Section 3.3 Get care during a disaster
If the Governor of your state, the U.S. Secretary of Health and Human Services, or the President of the
United States declares a state of disaster or emergency in your geographic area, you’re still entitled to care
from our plan.
Visit AetnaMedicare.com for information on how to get needed care during a disaster.
If you can’t use a network provider during a disaster, our plan will allow you to get care from
out‑of‑network providers at in‑network cost sharing. If you can’t use a network pharmacy during a
disaster, you may be able to fill your prescriptions at an out‑of‑network pharmacy. Go to Chapter 5,
Section 2.4.
SECTION 4 What if you’re billed directly for the full cost of your covered services?
If you paid more than our plan cost sharing for covered services, or if you got a bill for the full cost of
covered medical services, you can ask us to pay our share of the cost of covered services. Go to Chapter 7
for information about what to do.
Section 4.1 If services aren’t covered by our plan, you must pay the full cost
Aetna Medicare Select (HMO‑POS) covers all medically necessary services as listed in the Medical
Benefits Chart in Chapter 4. If you get services not covered by our plan or services obtained
out‑of‑network and were not authorized, you’re responsible for paying the full cost of services.
For covered services that have a benefit limitation, you also pay the full cost of any services you get after
you use up your benefit for that type of covered service. Any amounts you pay for services after a benefit
limit has been reached do not count toward your out‑of‑pocket maximum. You can call Member Services
when you want to know how much of your benefit limit you have already used.
SECTION 5 Medical services in a clinical research study
Section 5.1 What is a clinical research study
A clinical research study (also called a clinical trial) is a way that doctors and scientists test new types of
medical care, like how well a new cancer drug works. Certain clinical research studies are approved by
Medicare. Clinical research studies approved by Medicare typically ask for volunteers to participate in the
study. When you’re in a clinical research study, you can stay enrolled in our plan and continue to get the
rest of your care (care that’s not related to the study) through our plan.
If you participate in a Medicare‑approved study, Original Medicare pays most of the costs for

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 31
Chapter 3. Using our plan for your medical services
covered services you get as part of the study. If you tell us that you're in a qualified clinical trial, then
you're only responsible for the in‑network cost sharing for the services in that trial. If you paid more, for
example, if you already paid the Original Medicare cost‑sharing amount, we’ll reimburse the difference
between what you paid and the in‑network cost sharing. You’ll need to provide documentation to show us
how much you paid.
If you want to participate in any Medicare‑approved clinical research study, you don’t need to tell us or get
approval from us or your PCP. The providers that deliver your care as part of the clinical research study
don’t need to be part of our plan’s network. (This doesn’t apply to covered benefits that require a clinical
trial or registry to assess the benefit, including certain benefits requiring coverage with evidence
development (NCDs‑CED) and investigational device exemption (IDE) studies. These benefits may also be
subject to prior authorization and other plan rules.)
While you don’t need our plan’s permission to be in a clinical research study, we encourage you to notify
us in advance when you choose to participate in Medicare‑qualified clinical trials.
If you participate in a study not approved by Medicare, you’ll be responsible for paying all costs for your
participation in the study.
Section 5.2 Who pays for services in a clinical research study
Once you join a Medicare‑approved clinical research study, Original Medicare covers the routine items
and services you get as part of the study, including:
• Room and board for a hospital stay that Medicare would pay for even if you weren’t in a study.
• An operation or other medical procedure if it's part of the research study.
• Treatment of side effects and complications of the new care.
After Medicare pays its share of the cost for these services, our plan will pay the difference between the
cost sharing in Original Medicare and your in‑network cost sharing as a member of our plan. This means
you'll pay the same amount for services you get as part of the study as you would if you got these services
from our plan. However, you must to submit documentation showing how much cost sharing you paid. Go
to Chapter 7 for more information on submitting requests for payments.
Example of cost sharing in a clinical trial: Let’s say you have a lab test that costs $100 as part of the
research study. Your share of the costs for this test is $20 under Original Medicare, but the test
would be $10 under our plan. In this case, Original Medicare would pay $80 for the test, and you
would pay the $20 copay required under Original Medicare. You would notify our plan that you got a
qualified clinical trial service and submit documentation, (like a provider bill) to our plan. Our plan
would then directly pay you $10. This makes your net payment for the test $10, the same amount
you’d pay under our plan’s benefits.
When you’re in a clinical research study, neither Medicare nor our plan will pay for any of the following:
• Generally, Medicare won’t pay for the new item or service the study is testing unless Medicare would
cover the item or service even if you weren’t in a study.
• Items or services provided only to collect data, and not used in your direct health care. For example,
Medicare won’t pay for monthly CT scans done as part of a study if your medical condition would
normally require only one CT scan.
• Items and services provided by the research sponsors free‑of‑charge for people in the trial.
Get more information about joining a clinical research study
Get more information about joining a clinical research study in the Medicare publication Medicare and
Clinical Research Studies available at: www.medicare.gov/sites/default/files/2019-09/02226-

32 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 3. Using our plan for your medical services
medicare-and-clinical-research-studies.pdf. You can also call 1‑800‑MEDICARE (1‑800‑633‑4227).
TTY users call 1‑877‑486‑2048.
SECTION 6 Rules for getting care in a religious non‑medical health care institution
Section 6.1 A religious non‑medical health care institution
A religious non‑medical health care institution is a facility that provides care for a condition that would
ordinarily be treated in a hospital or skilled nursing facility. If getting care in a hospital or a skilled nursing
facility is against a member’s religious beliefs, we’ll instead cover care in a religious non‑medical health
care institution. This benefit is provided only for Part A inpatient services (non‑medical health care
services).
Section 6.2 How to get care from a religious non‑medical health care institution
To get care from a religious non‑medical health care institution, you must sign a legal document that says
you’re conscientiously opposed to getting medical treatment that is non‑excepted.
• Non‑excepted medical care or treatment is any medical care or treatment that’s voluntary and not
required by any federal, state, or local law.
• Excepted medical treatment is medical care or treatment you get that’s not voluntary or is required
under federal, state, or local law.
To be covered by our plan, the care you get from a religious non‑medical health care institution must meet
the following conditions:
• The facility providing the care must be certified by Medicare.
• Our plan only covers non‑religious aspects of care.
• If you get services from this institution provided to you in a facility, the following conditions apply:
You must have a medical condition that would allow you to get covered services for inpatient
○
hospital care or skilled nursing facility care.
– and – you must get approval in advance from our plan before you’re admitted to the facility,
○
or your stay won’t be covered.
Medicare Inpatient Hospital coverage has unlimited additional days (see Medical Benefits Chart in Chapter
4).
SECTION 7 Rules for ownership of durable medical equipment
Section 7.1 You won’t own some durable medical equipment after making a certain number
of payments under our plan
Durable medical equipment (DME) includes items like oxygen equipment and supplies, wheelchairs,
walkers, powered mattress systems, crutches, diabetic supplies, speech generating devices, IV infusion
pumps, nebulizers, and hospital beds ordered by a provider for members to use in the home. The member
always owns some DME items, like prosthetics. Other types of DME you must rent.
As a member of Aetna Medicare Select (HMO‑POS), we will transfer ownership of certain DME items. In
Original Medicare, there is a rental policy up to the purchase price for certain types of DME after making
copayments for the rental period. The rental period typically lasts between 10 to 13 months. Once the
purchase price is met, you can use the equipment as long as it is needed. Once it is no longer needed, the
issuing provider will need to pick it up.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 33
Chapter 3. Using our plan for your medical services
Call Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users call 711) to find out about the requirements you must
meet and the documentation you will need to provide.
What happens to payments you made for durable medical equipment if you switch to Original
Medicare?
If you didn’t get ownership of the DME item while in our plan, you’ll have to make 13 new consecutive
payments after you switch to Original Medicare to own the DME item. The payments you made while
enrolled in our plan don’t count towards these 13 payments.
Example 1: You made 12 or fewer consecutive payments for the item in Original Medicare and then joined
our plan. The payments you made in Original Medicare don’t count. You’ll have to make 13 payments to
our plan before owning the item.
Example 2: You made 12 or fewer consecutive payments for the item in Original Medicare and then joined
our plan. You didn’t get ownership of the item while in our plan. You then go back to Original Medicare.
You’ll have to make 13 consecutive payments to own the item once you rejoin Original Medicare. Any
payments you already made (whether to our plan or to Original Medicare) don’t count.
Section 7.2 Rules for oxygen equipment, supplies, and maintenance
If you qualify for Medicare oxygen equipment coverage Aetna Medicare Select (HMO‑POS) will cover:
• Rental of oxygen equipment
• Delivery of oxygen and oxygen contents
• Tubing and related oxygen accessories for the delivery of oxygen and oxygen contents
• Maintenance and repairs of oxygen equipment
If you leave Aetna Medicare Select (HMO‑POS) or no longer medically require oxygen equipment, the
oxygen equipment must be returned.
What happens if you leave our plan and return to Original Medicare?
Original Medicare requires an oxygen supplier to provide you services for 5 years. During the first 36
months you rent the equipment. For the remaining 24 months the supplier provides the equipment and
maintenance (you're still responsible for the copayment for oxygen). After 5 years you can choose to stay
with the same company or go to another company. At this point, the 5‑year cycle starts over again, even if
you stay with the same company, and you’re again required to pay copayments for the first 36 months. If
you join or leave our plan, the 5‑year cycle starts over.

CHAPTER 4:
Medical Benefits Chart
(what's covered and what you pay)
SECTION 1 Understanding your out‑of‑pocket costs for covered services
The Medical Benefits Chart lists your covered services and shows how much you pay for each covered
service as a member of Aetna Medicare Select (HMO‑POS). This section also gives information about
medical services that aren't covered and also explains limits on certain services.
Section 1.1 Out‑of‑pocket costs you may pay for covered services
Types of out‑of‑pocket costs you may pay for covered services include:
• Copayment: the fixed amount you pay each time you get certain medical services. You pay a
copayment at the time you get the medical service. (The Medical Benefits Chart tells you more about
your copayments.)
• Coinsurance: the percentage you pay of the total cost of certain medical services. You pay a
coinsurance at the time you get the medical service. (The Medical Benefits Chart tells you more
about your coinsurance.)
Most people who qualify for Medicaid or for the Qualified Medicare Beneficiary (QMB) program don’t pay
deductibles, copayments, or coinsurance. If you’re in one of these programs, be sure to show your proof of
Medicaid or QMB eligibility to your provider.
Section 1.2 What's the most you’ll pay for covered medical services?
Medicare Advantage Plans have limits on the total amount you have to pay out‑of‑pocket each year for
in‑network medical services covered by our plan. This limit is called the maximum out‑of‑pocket (MOOP)
amount for medical services. For calendar year 2026, the MOOP amount is $3,400.
The amounts you pay for copayments and coinsurance for in‑network covered services count toward this
maximum out‑of‑pocket amount. The amounts you pay for Part D prescription drugs don’t count toward
your maximum out‑of‑pocket amount. In addition, amounts you pay for some services don't count toward
your maximum out‑of‑pocket amount. These services are marked with an asterisk in the Medical Benefits
Chart. If you reach the maximum out‑of‑pocket amount of $3,400, you won’t have to pay any
out‑of‑pocket costs for the rest of the year for in‑network covered services. However, you must continue
to pay the Medicare Part B premium (unless your Part B premium is paid for you by Medicaid or another
third party).
Your plan also has a combined maximum out‑of‑pocket amount of $5,450. This is the most you pay
during the calendar year for covered plan services received from both in‑network and out‑of‑network
providers. The amounts you pay for copayments and coinsurance for covered services count toward this
combined maximum out‑of‑pocket amount. (The amounts you pay for Part D prescription drugs do not
count toward your combined maximum out‑of‑pocket amount. In addition, amounts you pay for some
services do not count toward your combined maximum out‑of‑pocket amount. These services are marked
with an asterisk in the Medical Benefits Chart.) If you have paid $5,450 for covered services, you will have
100% coverage and will not have any out‑of‑pocket costs for the rest of the year for covered services.
However, you must continue to pay the Medicare Part B premium (unless your Part B premium is paid for
you by Medicaid or another third party).
Section 1.3 Providers aren’t allowed to balance bill you
As a member of Aetna Medicare Select (HMO‑POS), you have an important protection because you only

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 35
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
have to pay your cost‑sharing amount when you get services covered by our plan. Providers can’t bill you
for additional separate charges, called balance billing. This protection applies even if we pay the provider
less than the provider charges for a service and even if there’s a dispute and we don’t pay certain provider
charges.
Here’s how protection from balance billing works:
• If your cost sharing is a copayment (a set amount of dollars, for example, $15.00), you pay only that
amount for any covered services from a network provider.
• If your cost sharing is a coinsurance (a percentage of the total charges), you never pay more than
that percentage. However, your cost depends on which type of provider you see:
If you get covered services from a network provider, you pay the coinsurance percentage
○
multiplied by our plan’s reimbursement rate (this is set in the contract between the provider
and our plan).
If you get covered services from an out‑of‑network provider who participates with Medicare,
○
you pay the coinsurance percentage multiplied by the Medicare payment rate for participating
providers.
If you get covered services from an out‑of‑network provider who doesn’t participate with
○
Medicare, then you pay the coinsurance percentage multiplied by the Medicare payment rate
for non‑participating providers.
• If you think a provider has balance billed you, call Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users
call 711).
SECTION 2 The Medical Benefits Chart shows your medical benefits and costs
The Medical Benefits Chart on the next pages lists the services Aetna Medicare Select (HMO‑POS) covers
and what you pay out‑of‑pocket for each service. (Part D drug coverage is covered in Chapter 5). The
services listed in the Medical Benefits Chart are covered only when these requirements are met:
• Your Medicare‑covered services must be provided according to Medicare coverage guidelines.
• Your services (including medical care, services, supplies, equipment, and Part B drugs) must be
medically necessary. Medically necessary means that the services, supplies, or drugs are needed
for the prevention, diagnosis, or treatment of your medical condition and meet accepted standards
of medical practice.
• For new enrollees, your MA coordinated care plan must provide a minimum 90‑day transition
period, during which time the new MA plan may not require prior authorization for any active course
of treatment, even if the course of treatment was for a service that commenced with an
out‑of‑network provider.
• You have a primary care provider (a PCP) who is providing and overseeing your care.
• Some services listed in the Medical Benefits Chart are covered only if your doctor or other network
provider gets approval in advance (sometimes called prior authorization) from us. Covered services
that need approval in advance are marked by a note in the Medical Benefits Chart.
Other important things to know about our coverage:
• Like all Medicare health plans, we cover everything that Original Medicare covers. For some of these
benefits, you pay more in our plan than you would in Original Medicare. For others, you pay less. (To
learn more about the coverage and costs of Original Medicare, go to your Medicare & You 2026
handbook. View it online at Medicare.gov or ask for a copy by calling 1‑800‑MEDICARE
(1‑800‑633‑4227). TTY users call 1‑877‑486‑2048.)
• For preventive services covered at no cost under Original Medicare, we also cover those services at
no cost to you. However, if you’re also treated or monitored for an existing medical condition during
the visit when you get the preventive service, a copayment will apply for the care you got for the

36 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
existing medical condition.
• If Medicare adds coverage for any new services during 2026, either Medicare or our plan will cover
those services.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 37
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
Important information regarding the services listed below in the Medical Benefits Chart:
If you receive services from: If your plan services include: You will pay:
A primary care provider (PCP) Copays only The highest single copay for all
or specialist and get more than services received.
one covered service during the
single visit: Copays and coinsurance The highest single copay for all
services and the coinsurance
A clinic visit cost share may apply amounts for each service.
based on the role of the attending
Coinsurance only The coinsurance amounts for all
provider (PCP or specialist).
services received.
If you receive services from: If your plan services include: You will pay:
An outpatient facility and get Copays only The highest single copay for all
more than one covered service services received.
during the single visit:
Copays and coinsurance The highest single copay for all
services and the coinsurance
amounts for each service.
Coinsurance only The coinsurance amounts for all
services received.

38 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
This apple shows preventive services in the Medical Benefits Chart.
Medical Benefits Chart
What you pay What you pay
Covered Service in‑network out‑of‑network
There is no coinsurance, 50% coinsurance for
Abdominal aortic aneurysm screening
copayment, or deductible members eligible for this
A one‑time screening ultrasound for people at
for members eligible for preventive screening.
risk. Our plan only covers this screening if you
this preventive screening.
have certain risk factors and if you get a referral
for it from your physician, physician assistant,
nurse practitioner, or clinical nurse specialist.
Acupuncture for chronic low back pain $20 copay for each 50% coinsurance for each
Covered services include: Medicare‑covered Medicare‑covered
acupuncture visit. acupuncture visit.
Up to 12 visits in 90 days are covered under the
following circumstances: $20 copay for each Non‑Medicare covered
additional non‑Medicare acupuncture services are
For the purpose of this benefit, chronic low back covered acupuncture visit. not covered
pain is defined as: out‑of‑network.
• lasting 12 weeks or longer;
• nonspecific, in that it has no identifiable
systemic cause (i.e., not associated with
metastatic, inflammatory, infectious
disease, etc.);
• not associated with surgery; and
• not associated with pregnancy.
An additional 8 sessions will be covered for
patients demonstrating an improvement. No more
than 20 acupuncture treatments may be
administered annually.
Treatment must be discontinued if the patient is
not improving or is regressing.
Provider Requirements:
Physicians (as defined in 1861(r)(1) of the Social
Security Act (the Act)) may furnish acupuncture in
accordance with applicable state requirements.
Physician assistants (PAs), nurse practitioners
(NPs)/clinical nurse specialists (CNSs) (as
identified in 1861(aa)(5) of the Act), and auxiliary
personnel may furnish acupuncture if they meet
all applicable state requirements and have:
This benefit is continued on the next page.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 39
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
What you pay What you pay
Covered Service in‑network out‑of‑network
Acupuncture for chronic low back pain
(continued)
• a master's or doctoral level degree in
acupuncture or Oriental Medicine from a
school accredited by the Accreditation
Commission on Acupuncture and Oriental
Medicine (ACAOM); and,
• a current, full, active, and unrestricted
license to practice acupuncture in a State,
Territory, or Commonwealth (i.e., Puerto
Rico) of the United States, or District of
Columbia.
Auxiliary personnel furnishing acupuncture must
be under the appropriate level of supervision of a
physician, PA, or NP/CNS required by our
regulations at 42 CFR §§ 410.26 and 410.27.
In addition to Medicare‑covered benefits, we also
offer:
• Acupuncture services to treat conditions in
addition to chronic lower back pain: up to
twelve visits every year
Covered services must be performed by a
licensed acupuncturist.
An in‑network provider must determine medical
necessity for covered services. To locate a
network provider, you may contact Member
Services at the phone number on your member ID
card or visit our online directory at aet.na/search.
If you choose to use a provider outside of the
network, the services you receive will not be
covered.
Ambulance services $350 copay for each $350 copay for each
Covered ambulance services, whether for an Medicare‑covered Medicare‑covered
emergency or non‑emergency situation, include one‑way trip via ground one‑way trip via ground
fixed wing, rotary wing, and ground ambulance ambulance. ambulance.
services, to the nearest appropriate facility that
can provide care if they’re furnished to a member 20% coinsurance for each 20% coinsurance for each
whose medical condition is such that other means Medicare‑covered Medicare‑covered
of transportation could endanger the person’s one‑way trip via air one‑way trip via air
health or if authorized by our plan. If the covered ambulance. ambulance.
ambulance services aren't for an emergency
situation, it should be documented that the
member’s condition is such that other means of
transportation could endanger the person’s health
This benefit is continued on the next page.

40 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
What you pay What you pay
Covered Service in‑network out‑of‑network
Ambulance services (continued)
and that transportation by ambulance is medically Ground or air ambulance Ground or air ambulance
required. cost sharing is not waived cost sharing is not waived
if you are admitted to the if you are admitted to the
Prior authorization is required for all hospital. hospital.
non‑emergency transportation, including fixed
wing, rotary wing, and ground ambulance
services.
Annual routine physical $0 copay for an annual 50% coinsurance for an
The annual routine physical is an extensive routine physical exam. annual routine physical
physical exam including a medical history exam.
collection and it may also include any of the
following: vital signs, observation of general
appearance, a head and neck exam, a heart and
lung exam, an abdominal exam, a neurological
exam, a dermatological exam, and an extremities
exam.
Coverage for this non‑Medicare covered benefit is
in addition to the Medicare‑covered annual
wellness visit and the Welcome to Medicare
preventive visit. You may schedule your annual
routine physical once each calendar year.
Preventive labs, screenings, and/or diagnostic
tests received during this visit are subject to your
lab and diagnostic test coverage. (See Outpatient
diagnostic tests and therapeutic services and
supplies for more information.)
There is no coinsurance, 50% coinsurance for the
Annual wellness visit
copayment, or deductible annual wellness visit.
If you’ve had Part B for longer than 12 months, you
for the annual wellness
can get an annual wellness visit to develop or
visit.
update a personalized prevention plan based on
your current health and risk factors. Our plan will
cover the annual wellness visit once each
calendar year.
Note: Your first annual wellness visit can’t take
place within 12 months of your Welcome to
Medicare preventive visit. However, you don’t
need to have had a Welcome to Medicare visit to
be covered for annual wellness visits after you’ve
had Part B for 12 months.
There is no coinsurance, 50% coinsurance for
Bone mass measurement
copayment, or deductible Medicare‑covered bone
For qualified people (generally, this means people
for Medicare‑covered mass measurement.
at risk of losing bone mass or at risk of
bone mass measurement.
osteoporosis), the following services are covered
every 24 months or more frequently if medically
necessary: procedures to identify bone mass,
This benefit is continued on the next page.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 41
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
What you pay What you pay
Covered Service in‑network out‑of‑network
Bone mass measurement (continued)
detect bone loss, or determine bone quality,
including a physician’s interpretation of the
results.
There is no coinsurance, 50% coinsurance for
Breast cancer screening (mammograms)
copayment, or deductible covered screening
Covered services include:
for covered screening mammograms.
mammograms.
• One baseline mammogram between the
50% coinsurance for each
ages of 35 and 39
$0 copay for each diagnostic mammogram.
• One screening mammogram each calendar
diagnostic mammogram.
year for women aged 40 and older
• Clinical breast exams once every 24 months
Prior authorization may be required and is the
responsibility of your provider.
Cardiac rehabilitation services $5 copay for each 50% coinsurance for each
Comprehensive programs of cardiac Medicare‑covered cardiac Medicare‑covered cardiac
rehabilitation services that include exercise, rehabilitation service. rehabilitation service.
education, and counseling are covered for
members who meet certain conditions with a $5 copay for each 50% coinsurance for each
doctor’s order. Medicare‑covered Medicare‑covered
intensive cardiac intensive cardiac
Our plan also covers intensive cardiac rehabilitation service. rehabilitation service.
rehabilitation programs that are typically more
rigorous or more intense than cardiac
rehabilitation programs.
There is no coinsurance, 50% coinsurance for the
Cardiovascular disease risk reduction visit
copayment, or deductible intensive behavioral
(therapy for cardiovascular disease)
for the intensive therapy cardiovascular
We cover one visit per year with your primary care
behavioral therapy disease preventive benefit.
doctor to help lower your risk for cardiovascular
cardiovascular disease
disease. During this visit, your doctor may discuss
preventive benefit.
aspirin use (if appropriate), check your blood
pressure, and give you tips to make sure you’re
eating healthy.
There is no coinsurance, 50% coinsurance for
Cardiovascular disease screening tests
copayment, or deductible cardiovascular disease
Blood tests for the detection of cardiovascular
for cardiovascular disease testing that is covered
disease (or abnormalities associated with an
testing that is covered once every 5 years.
elevated risk of cardiovascular disease) once
once every 5 years.
every 5 years (60 months).
There is no coinsurance, 50% coinsurance for
Cervical and vaginal cancer screening
copayment, or deductible Medicare‑covered
Covered services include:
for Medicare‑covered preventive Pap and pelvic
preventive Pap and pelvic exams.
• For all women: Pap tests and pelvic exams
exams.
are covered once every 24 months
• If you're at high risk of cervical or vaginal
cancer or you're of childbearing age and
have had an abnormal Pap test within the
past 3 years: one Pap test every 12 months

42 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
What you pay What you pay
Covered Service in‑network out‑of‑network
Chiropractic services $20 copay for each 50% coinsurance for each
Covered services include: Medicare‑covered Medicare‑covered
chiropractic visit. chiropractic visit.
• We cover only manual manipulation of the
spine to correct subluxation
Chronic pain management and treatment Cost sharing for this Cost sharing for this
services service will vary service will vary
Covered monthly services for people living with depending on individual depending on individual
chronic pain (persistent or recurring pain lasting services provided under services provided under
longer than 3 months). Services may include pain the course of the the course of the
assessment, medication management, and care treatment. treatment.
coordination and planning.
Prior authorization may be required and is the
responsibility of your provider.
There is no coinsurance, 50% coinsurance for a
Colorectal cancer screening
copayment, or deductible Medicare‑covered
The following screening tests are covered:
for a Medicare‑covered colorectal cancer
colorectal cancer screening exam. This is
• Colonoscopy has no minimum or maximum
screening exam. This is also known as a preventive
age limitation and is covered once every 120
also known as a colonoscopy.
months (10 years) for patients not at high
preventive colonoscopy.
risk, or 48 months after a previous flexible
Diagnostic colonoscopy is
sigmoidoscopy for patients who aren't at
Diagnostic colonoscopy: subject to the Outpatient
high risk for colorectal cancer, and once
$0 copay surgery, including
every 24 months for high risk patients after
services provided at
a previous screening colonoscopy.
Note: If a polyp is removed hospital outpatient
• Computed tomography colonography for
or a biopsy is performed facilities and ambulatory
patients 45 year and older who are not at
during a surgical centers
high risk of colorectal cancer and is covered
Medicare‑covered cost‑sharing amount. If
when at least 59 months have passed
screening or diagnostic you have had polyps
following the month in which the last
colonoscopy, the polyp removed during a previous
screening computed tomography
removal and associated colonoscopy or have a
colonography was performed or 47 months
pathology will be covered condition that is monitored
have passed following the month in which
at $0 copay. via colonoscopy (such as a
the last screening flexible sigmoidoscopy or
prior history of colon
screening colonoscopy was performed. For
cancer), ongoing
patients at high risk for colorectal cancer,
colonoscopies are
payment may be made for a screening
considered diagnostic.
computed tomography colonography
performed after at least 23 months have
Note: If a polyp is removed
passed following the month in which the last
or a biopsy is performed
screening computed tomography
during a
colonography or the last screening
Medicare‑covered
colonoscopy was performed.
screening colonoscopy,
• Flexible sigmoidoscopy for patients 45
the polyp removal and
years and older. Once every 120 months for
associated pathology will
patients not at high‑risk after the patient
be covered subject to the
received a screening colonoscopy. Once
outpatient surgery cost
This benefit is continued on the next page.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 43
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
What you pay What you pay
Covered Service in‑network out‑of‑network
Colorectal cancer screening (continued)
sharing. (See Outpatient
every 48 months for high risk patients from surgery, including
the last flexible sigmoidoscopy or computed services provided at
tomography colonography. hospital outpatient
• Screening fecal‑occult blood tests for facilities and ambulatory
patients 45 years and older. Twice per surgical centers for more
calendar year. information.)
• Screening Guaiac‑based fecal occult blood
test for patients 45 years and older. Twice
per calendar year.
• Multitarget stool DNA for patients 45 to 85
years of age and not meeting high risk
criteria. Once every 3 years.
• Blood‑based Biomarker Tests for patients
45 to 85 years of age and not meeting high
risk criteria. Once every 3 years.
• Colorectal cancer screening tests include a
follow‑on screening colonoscopy after a
Medicare covered non‑invasive stool‑based
colorectal cancer screening test returns a
positive result.
• Colorectal cancer screening tests include a
planned screening flexible sigmoidoscopy
or screening colonoscopy that involves the
removal of tissue or other matter, or other
procedure furnished in connection with, as a
result of, and in the same clinical encounter
as the screening test.
Dental services $25 copay for each 50% coinsurance for each
In general, preventive dental services (such as Medicare‑covered dental Medicare‑covered dental
cleanings, routine dental exams, and dental service. service.
x‑rays) aren't covered by Original Medicare.
However, Medicare pays for dental services in a Preventive dental Preventive dental
limited number of circumstances, specifically services (non‑Medicare services (non‑Medicare
when that service is an integral part of specific covered): For details on covered): For details on
treatment of a person’s primary medical cost‑sharing for covered cost‑sharing for covered
condition. Examples include reconstruction of the preventive services, see preventive services, see
jaw after a fracture or injury, tooth extractions the dental schedule. the dental schedule.
done in preparation for radiation treatment for
cancer involving the jaw, or oral exams prior to Comprehensive dental Comprehensive dental
organ transplantation. services (non‑Medicare services (non‑Medicare
covered): For details on covered): For details on
In addition, we cover the following non‑Medicare cost‑sharing for covered cost‑sharing for covered
covered benefits: comprehensive services, comprehensive services,
see the dental schedule. see the dental schedule.
Preventive dental services (non‑Medicare
covered): For a list of covered preventive
services, see the dental schedule.
This benefit is continued on the next page.

44 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
What you pay What you pay
Covered Service in‑network out‑of‑network
Dental services (continued)
Comprehensive dental services (non‑Medicare
covered): For a list of covered comprehensive
services, see the dental schedule.
You get an annual benefit amount (allowance)
of $2,000 for covered comprehensive dental
services. Covered preventive dental services do
not count toward your annual benefit amount.
Covered services will be paid to the provider up to
the annual benefit amount (allowance). If you
exceed the benefit amount for covered
comprehensive services, you will be responsible
for those costs and will not be reimbursed.
This dental benefit offers both in‑network and
out‑of‑network dental coverage. Out‑of‑network
dentists are not required to accept the plan’s
payment as payment in full for covered services.
Out‑of‑network claims are reimbursed up to the
plan’s allowable amount for each covered service.
That means your plan will pay its portion for
covered services. If your out‑of‑network provider
charges over the allowable amount for a covered
service, you may receive a bill and you will be
responsible for payment of that bill.
For the lowest potential out‑of‑pocket costs on
covered dental services, see a provider in our
dental network. Dental services you receive from
an out‑of‑network provider are subject to any
in‑network benefit maximums, limitations and/or
exclusions that may apply.
See dental schedule for more details. To find a
provider in the dental network, visit
AetnaMedicare.com/H2663-023 or call the
Member Services number on your member ID
card. Note: Your dental network is different than
your medical network.
*Amounts you pay for preventive dental services
do not apply to your in‑network or combined
maximum out‑of‑pocket amount.
*Amounts you pay for comprehensive dental
services do not apply to your in‑network or
combined maximum out‑of‑pocket amount.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 45
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
What you pay What you pay
Covered Service in‑network out‑of‑network
There is no coinsurance, 50% coinsurance for an
Depression screening
copayment, or deductible annual depression
We cover one screening for depression per year.
for an annual depression screening visit.
The screening must be done in a primary care
screening visit.
setting that can provide follow‑up treatment
and/or referrals.
There is no coinsurance, 50% coinsurance for the
Diabetes screening
copayment, or deductible Medicare‑covered
We cover this screening (includes fasting glucose
for the Medicare‑covered diabetes screening tests.
tests) if you have any of these risk factors: high
diabetes screening tests.
blood pressure (hypertension), history of
abnormal cholesterol and triglyceride levels
(dyslipidemia), obesity, or a history of high blood
sugar (glucose). Tests may also be covered if you
meet other requirements, like being overweight
and having a family history of diabetes.
You may be eligible for up to 2 diabetes
screenings every 12 months following the date of
your most recent diabetes screening test.
0% ‑ 20% coinsurance for 0% ‑ 20% coinsurance for
Diabetes self‑management training, diabetic
each Medicare‑covered each Medicare‑covered
services and supplies
supply. supply to monitor blood
For all people who have diabetes (insulin and
glucose.
non‑insulin users). Covered services include:
• 0% coinsurance for
Accu‑Chek/Roche and • 0% coinsurance for
• Supplies to monitor your blood glucose:
TRUE/Trividia blood Accu‑Chek/Roche and
blood glucose monitor, blood glucose test
glucose meters, and TRUE/Trividia blood
strips, lancet devices and lancets, and
medical diabetic glucose meters, and
glucose‑control solutions for checking the
supplies. medical diabetic
accuracy of test strips and monitors.
• 20% coinsurance for supplies.
• For people with diabetes who have severe
blood glucose meters • 20% coinsurance for
diabetic foot disease: one pair per calendar
and supplies blood glucose meters
year of therapeutic custom‑molded shoes
manufactured by and supplies
(including inserts provided with such shoes)
providers other than manufactured by
and 2 additional pairs of inserts, or one pair
Accu‑Chek/Roche and providers other than
of depth shoes and 3 pairs of inserts (not
TRUE/Trividia with an Accu‑Chek/Roche and
including the non‑customized removable
approved prior TRUE/Trividia with an
inserts provided with such shoes). Coverage
authorization. approved prior
includes fitting.
• Coinsurance for authorization.
• Diabetes self‑management training is
pharmacy diabetic • Coinsurance for
covered under certain conditions.
supplies is determined pharmacy diabetic
by tier in the plan's supplies is determined
Important Blood Glucose Meter (BGM)
formulary guide. by tier in the plan's
Information:
formulary guide.
20% coinsurance for
We exclusively cover blood glucose meters and
Medicare‑covered
test strips manufactured and distributed by
diabetic shoes and inserts. 20% coinsurance for
Roche/Accu‑Chek and TRUE/Trividia meters
Medicare‑covered
currently available. Meters and test strips
$0 copay for diabetic shoes and inserts.
produced by other manufacturers may be
Medicare‑covered
covered if medically necessary, such as large font
diabetes
This benefit is continued on the next page.

46 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
What you pay What you pay
Covered Service in‑network out‑of‑network
Diabetes self‑management training, diabetic
services and supplies (continued)
or talking meters for the visually impaired. self‑management training. 50% coinsurance for
Medical exceptions for the visually impaired may Medicare‑covered
be covered with an approved prior authorization. diabetes self‑management
training.
• Blood glucose meters and other testing
supplies (e.g., lancing devices, lancets and
test strips) can be obtained with a
prescription from a network pharmacy or
Durable Medical Equipment (DME) provider.
• Medical diabetic supplies; blood glucose
meters, lancets and control solutions are
covered under your medical coverage.
• Pharmacy diabetic supplies (e.g., alcohol
swabs, lancets, 2x2 gauze, needles and
syringes) are covered under your
prescription drug coverage. These diabetic
supplies can be found on your plan’s
formulary guide.
• Prior authorization are required for more
than one blood glucose meter per year
and/or test strips in excess of 100 strips for
a one month supply and may be required for
diabetic shoes and inserts. Prior
authorization is the responsibility of your
provider.
Durable medical equipment (DME) and related 0% ‑ 20% coinsurance for 50% coinsurance for each
supplies each Medicare‑covered Medicare‑covered durable
(For a definition of durable medical equipment, go durable medical medical equipment (DME)
to Chapter 12 and Chapter 3.) equipment (DME) item. item.
Covered items include, but aren't limited to: • 0% coinsurance for
wheelchairs, crutches, powered mattress continuous glucose
systems, diabetic supplies, hospital beds ordered monitors.
by a provider for use in the home, IV infusion • 20% coinsurance for
pumps, speech generating devices, oxygen all other
equipment, nebulizers, and walkers. Medicare‑covered
DME items.
We cover all medically necessary DME covered by
Original Medicare. Your provider must provide a
prescription for covered DME and obtain prior
authorization if required.
In Original Medicare, there is a rental policy up to
the purchase price for certain types of DME after
making copayments for the rental period. The
rental period typically lasts between 10 to 13
months. Once the purchase price is met, you can
This benefit is continued on the next page.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 47
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
What you pay What you pay
Covered Service in‑network out‑of‑network
Durable medical equipment (DME) and related
supplies (continued)
use the equipment as long as it is needed. Once it
is no longer needed, the issuing provider will need
to pick it up. Under certain limited circumstances
we will transfer ownership of the DME item to you.
The most recent list of network DME pharmacies
and suppliers is available on our website at
AetnaMedicare.com/dme.
Continuous glucose monitors (CGMs) and
supplies are available through network DME
providers. For a list of DME providers, visit
Aetna.com/dsepublicContent/assets/pdf/en/
DME_National_Provider_Listing.pdf.
Dexcom and FreeStyle Libre continuous glucose
monitors and sensors are available without a prior
authorization at network pharmacies with a
history of insulin usage in the past 6 months. For
those not using insulin as part of their treatment
plan, prior authorization will be required for
monitors and sensors. Prior authorization for
monitors and sensors may apply as well as
exception requests if exceeding quantity limits
that align to Medicare coverage guidance.
Prior authorization may be required and is the
responsibility of your provider.
Emergency care $150 copay for emergency $150 copay for emergency
Emergency care refers to services that are: care. Cost sharing is care. Cost sharing is
waived if you are admitted waived if you are admitted
• Furnished by a provider qualified to furnish to the hospital within 24 to the hospital within 24
emergency services, and hours. hours.
• Needed to evaluate or stabilize an
emergency medical condition. $150 copay for emergency $150 copay for emergency
care worldwide (i.e., care worldwide (i.e.,
A medical emergency is when you, or any other outside the United States). outside the United States).
prudent layperson with an average knowledge of Cost sharing is waived if Cost sharing is waived if
health and medicine, believe that you have you are admitted to the you are admitted to the
medical symptoms that require immediate hospital. hospital.
medical attention to prevent loss of life (and, if
you're a pregnant woman, loss of an unborn $350 copay for one‑way $350 copay for one‑way
child), loss of a limb, or loss of function of a limb. emergency ambulance emergency ambulance
The medical symptoms may be an illness, injury, services worldwide (i.e., services worldwide (i.e.,
severe pain, or a medical condition that's quickly outside the United States). outside the United States).
getting worse. Cost sharing is not waived Cost sharing is not waived
if you are admitted to the if you are admitted to the
Cost sharing for necessary emergency services hospital. hospital.
This benefit is continued on the next page.

48 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
What you pay What you pay
Covered Service in‑network out‑of‑network
Emergency care (continued)
you get out‑of‑network is the same as when you
get these services in‑network. If you get emergency care If you get emergency care
at an out‑of‑network at an out‑of‑network
In addition to Medicare‑covered benefits, we also hospital and need hospital and need
offer: inpatient care after your inpatient care after your
emergency condition is emergency condition is
• Emergency care (worldwide) stabilized, you must move stabilized, you must move
• Emergency ambulance services to a network hospital to to a network hospital to
(worldwide) pay the in‑network pay the in‑network
cost‑sharing amount for cost‑sharing amount for
$250,000 annual maximum benefit for worldwide the part of your stay after the part of your stay after
emergency, emergency ambulance, and urgently you are stabilized. If you you are stabilized. If you
needed care. stay at the out‑of‑network stay at the out‑of‑network
hospital, your stay will be hospital, your stay will be
You may have to pay the provider at the time of covered but you’ll pay the covered but you’ll pay the
service and submit for reimbursement. You will be out‑of‑network out‑of‑network
reimbursed up to the annual maximum benefit cost‑sharing amount for cost‑sharing amount for
amount less any applicable copay or cost share. the part of your stay after the part of your stay after
you are stabilized. you are stabilized.
Fitness: Annual fitness membership $0 copay for basic health $0 copay for at‑home
You are covered for a basic membership to any club membership/fitness fitness kits ordered
SilverSneakers® participating fitness facility. If you classes at participating through SilverSneakers.
do not reside near a participating facility, or prefer SilverSneakers locations. There are no
to exercise at home, online classes and at‑home out‑of‑network facilities
fitness kits are available. You may order one available for this benefit.
fitness kit per year through SilverSneakers.
Included with your basic SilverSneakers
membership, you will also have access to online
enrichment classes to support your health and
wellness, as well as your mental fitness. Health
and wellness classes include, but are not limited
to: cooking, food & nutrition, and mindfulness.
Mental fitness classes include, but are not limited
to: new skills, organization, self‑help, and staying
connected. These classes can be accessed online
by visiting SilverSneakers.com.
To get started, you will need your SilverSneakers
ID number. Please visit SilverSneakers.com or
call SilverSneakers at 1‑855‑627‑3795 (TTY: 711)
to obtain this ID number. Then, bring this ID
number with you when you visit a participating
fitness facility. Information about participating
facilities can be found by using the SilverSneakers
website or by calling SilverSneakers.
Important: You get a basic membership at any
participating SilverSneakers location. Facility
This benefit is continued on the next page.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 49
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
What you pay What you pay
Covered Service in‑network out‑of‑network
Fitness: Annual fitness membership (continued)
amenities may vary by participating location
including but not limited to hours, days and class
types.
$0 copay for 24‑Hour 24‑Hour Nurse Line is not
Health and wellness education programs
Nurse Line benefit. covered out‑of‑network.
24‑Hour Nurse Line: You can talk to a registered
nurse 24 hours a day, 7 days a week on the 24/7
$0 copay for health Health education is
Nurse Line. They can help with health‑related
education. included in your plan.
questions when your doctor is not available. Call
1‑855‑493‑7019 (TTY: 711). The registered nurse
staff cannot diagnose, prescribe or give medical
advice. If you need urgent or emergency care, call
911 and/or your doctor immediately.
* While only your doctor can diagnose, prescribe
or give medical advice, the 24‑Hour Nurse Line
can provide information on a variety of health
topics.
Health education: You can meet with a certified
health educator or other qualified health
professional to learn about health and wellness
topics like: diabetes management, nutrition
counseling, asthma education, and more. You
have the option to meet one‑on‑one, in a group, or
virtually. Ask your provider for information on how
these services may help you.
Hearing services $25 copay for each 50% coinsurance for each
Diagnostic hearing and balance evaluations Medicare‑covered hearing Medicare‑covered hearing
performed by your provider to determine if you exam. exam.
need medical treatment are covered as outpatient
care when you get them from a physician, $0 copay for each Non‑Medicare covered
audiologist, or other qualified provider. non‑Medicare covered routine hearing exams are
routine hearing exam. not covered
In addition to Medicare‑covered benefits, we also out‑of‑network.
offer: $0 copay for each
non‑Medicare covered Non‑Medicare covered
• Routine hearing exams: one exam every hearing aid hearing aid
year fitting/evaluation. fitting/evaluations are not
• Hearing aid fitting/evaluation: one hearing covered out‑of‑network.
aid fitting/evaluation every year Hearing aids:
• Hearing aids: You get an annual benefit $0 copay per ear, per year Hearing aids must be
amount (allowance) of $1,250 per ear, every (two hearing aids every purchased through
year. This benefit amount can only be used year). NationsHearing. Coverage
to purchase hearing aids through a will not be provided for
NationsHearing® network provider. If the hearing aids purchased
cost is over the benefit amount, you pay the from a non‑participating
difference. provider.
This benefit is continued on the next page.

50 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
What you pay What you pay
Covered Service in‑network out‑of‑network
Hearing services (continued)
Routine hearing exam and hearing aids:
We have teamed up with NationsHearing to
provide your hearing exam and hearing aids. You
must see a provider in the NationsHearing
network for your hearing exam and hearing aids
to be covered. Your hearing aid benefit amount
can only be used to purchase hearing aids
through a NationsHearing network provider. The
benefit amount is applied to the hearing aids at
the time of purchase. If the cost is more than the
benefit amount, you pay the difference. You can
schedule your hearing exam or hearing aid
appointment with a NationsHearing provider by
calling 1‑877‑225‑0137 (TTY: 711).
Representatives are available 8:00 am to 8:00 pm
local time, 7 days a week, with the exception of
holidays.
*Amounts you pay for hearing aids do not apply to
your in‑network or combined maximum
out‑of‑pocket amount.
There's no coinsurance, 50% coinsurance for
HIV screening
copayment, or deductible members eligible for
For people who ask for an HIV screening test or
for members eligible for Medicare‑covered
are at increased risk for HIV infection, we cover:
Medicare‑covered preventive HIV screening.
preventive HIV screening.
• One screening exam every 12 months
If you are pregnant, we cover:
• Up to 3 screening exams during a
pregnancy
Home health agency care $0 copay for each 50% coinsurance for each
Before you get home health services, a doctor Medicare‑covered home Medicare‑covered home
must certify that you need home health services health service. health service.
and will order home health services to be
provided by a home health agency. You must be 0% ‑ 20% coinsurance for 50% coinsurance for each
homebound, which means leaving home is a each Medicare‑covered Medicare‑covered durable
major effort. durable medical medical equipment (DME)
equipment (DME) item. item.
Covered services include, but aren't limited to:
• 0% coinsurance for
• Part‑time or intermittent skilled nursing and continuous glucose
home health aide services (to be covered monitors.
under the home health care benefit, your • 20% coinsurance for
skilled nursing and home health aide all other
services combined must total fewer than 8 Medicare‑covered
hours per day and 35 hours per week.) DME items.
This benefit is continued on the next page.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 51
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
What you pay What you pay
Covered Service in‑network out‑of‑network
Home health agency care (continued)
• Physical therapy, occupational therapy, and
speech therapy
• Medical and social services
• Medical equipment and supplies
Prior authorization may be required and is the
responsibility of your provider.
Home infusion therapy You will pay the cost You will pay the cost
Home infusion therapy involves the intravenous or sharing that applies to sharing that applies to
subcutaneous administration of drugs or primary care provider primary care provider
biologicals to a person at home. The components services, specialist services, specialist
needed to perform home infusion include the physician services physician services
drug (for example, antivirals, immune globulin), (including certified home (including certified home
equipment (for example, a pump), and supplies infusion providers), or infusion providers), or
(for example, tubing and catheters). home health services home health services,
depending on where you depending on where you
Prior to receiving home infusion services, they received administration or received administration or
must be ordered by a doctor and included in your monitoring services. (See monitoring services. (See
care plan. Physician/Practitioner Physician/Practitioner
services, including services, including
Covered services include, but aren't limited to: doctor’s office visits or doctor’s office visits or
Home health agency care Home health agency care
• Professional services, including nursing for any applicable cost for any applicable cost
services, furnished in accordance with our sharing.) sharing.)
plan of care
• Patient training and education not otherwise Note: Home infusion Note: Home infusion
covered under the durable medical drugs, pumps, and drugs, pumps, and devices
equipment benefit devices provided during a provided during a home
• Remote monitoring home infusion therapy visit infusion therapy visit are
• Monitoring services for the provision of are covered separately covered separately under
home infusion therapy and home infusion under your Durable your Durable medical
drugs furnished by a qualified home infusion medical equipment equipment (DME) and
therapy supplier (DME) and related related supplies benefit.
supplies benefit.
Hospice care When you enroll in a When you enroll in a
You're eligible for the hospice benefit when your Medicare‑certified Medicare‑certified
doctor and the hospice medical director have hospice program, your hospice program, your
given you a terminal prognosis certifying that hospice services and your hospice services and your
you’re terminally ill and have 6 months or less to Part A and Part B services Part A and Part B services
live if your illness runs its normal course. You can related to your terminal related to your terminal
get care from any Medicare‑certified hospice prognosis are paid for by prognosis are paid for by
program. Our plan is obligated to help you find Original Medicare, not Original Medicare, not
Medicare‑certified hospice programs in our plan's Aetna Medicare Select Aetna Medicare Select
service area, including programs we own, control, (HMO‑POS). (HMO‑POS).
or have a financial interest in. Your hospice doctor
can be a network provider or an out‑of‑network Hospice consultations are Hospice consultations are
provider. included as part of included as part of
inpatient hospital care. inpatient hospital care.
This benefit is continued on the next page.

52 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
What you pay What you pay
Covered Service in‑network out‑of‑network
Hospice care (continued)
Covered services include: Physician service cost Physician service cost
sharing may apply for sharing may apply for
• Drugs for symptom control and pain relief outpatient consultations. outpatient consultations.
• Short‑term respite care
• Home care
When you're admitted to a hospice you have the
right to stay in our plan; if you stay in our plan you
must continue to pay plan premiums.
For hospice services and services covered by
Medicare Part A or B that are related to your
terminal prognosis: Original Medicare (rather
than our plan) will pay your hospice provider for
your hospice services and any Part A and Part B
services related to your terminal prognosis. While
you're in the hospice program, your hospice
provider will bill Original Medicare for the services
Original Medicare pays for. You'll be billed Original
Medicare cost sharing.
For services covered by Medicare Part A or B
not related to your terminal prognosis: If you
need non‑emergency, non‑urgently needed
services covered under Medicare Part A or B that
aren't related to your terminal prognosis, your cost
for these services depends on whether you use a
provider in our plan’s network and follow plan
rules (like if there's a requirement to get prior
authorization).
• If you get the covered services from a
network provider and follow plan rules for
getting service, you pay only our plan
cost‑sharing amount for in‑network services
• If you get the covered services from an
out‑of‑network provider, you pay the
cost‑sharing under Original Medicare.
For services that are covered by Aetna
Medicare Select (HMO‑POS) but not covered by
Medicare Part A or B: Aetna Medicare Select
(HMO‑POS) will continue to cover plan‑covered
services that aren't covered under Part A or Part B
whether or not they're related to your terminal
prognosis. You pay our plan cost‑sharing amount
for these services.
This benefit is continued on the next page.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 53
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
What you pay What you pay
Covered Service in‑network out‑of‑network
Hospice care (continued)
For drugs that may be covered by our plan’s
Part D benefit: If these drugs are unrelated to
your terminal hospice condition, you pay cost
sharing. If they're related to your terminal hospice
condition, you pay Original Medicare cost sharing.
Drugs are never covered by both hospice and our
plan at the same time. For more information, go to
Chapter 5, Section 9.4 .
Note: If you need non‑hospice care (care that is
not related to your terminal prognosis), you should
contact us to arrange the services.
Our plan covers hospice consultation services
(one time only) for a terminally ill person who
hasn’t elected the hospice benefit.
There is no coinsurance, 0% coinsurance for the
Immunizations
copayment, or deductible pneumonia, flu/influenza,
Covered Medicare Part B services include:
for the pneumonia, Hepatitis B, and COVID‑19
flu/influenza, Hepatitis B, vaccines.
• Pneumonia vaccines
and COVID‑19 vaccines.
• Flu/influenza shots (or vaccines), once each
50% coinsurance for all
flu/influenza season in the fall and winter,
0% ‑ 20% coinsurance for other vaccines covered
with additional flu/influenza shots (or
all other vaccines covered under Medicare Part B.
vaccines) if medically necessary
under Medicare Part B.
• Hepatitis B vaccines if you're at high or
intermediate risk of getting Hepatitis B
• Cost sharing shown
• COVID‑19 vaccines
is the maximum you
• Other vaccines if you're at risk and they will pay for Part B
meet Medicare Part B coverage rules prescription drugs.
You may pay less for
We also cover most other adult vaccines under certain drugs.
our Part D drug benefit. Go to Chapter 6, Section 7
for more information.
Inpatient hospital care $310 per day, days 1‑6; $0 50% per stay for each
Includes inpatient acute, inpatient rehabilitation, per day, days 7‑90; $0 medically necessary
long‑term care hospitals and other types of copay for additional days covered inpatient stay.
inpatient hospital services. Inpatient hospital care for each medically
starts the day you're formally admitted to the necessary covered Cost sharing is charged for
hospital with a doctor’s order. The day before inpatient stay. Cost each medically necessary
you're discharged is your last inpatient day. sharing is charged for covered inpatient stay.
each medically necessary
Days covered: There is no limit to the number of covered inpatient stay. Your inpatient benefits will
days covered by our plan. Cost sharing is not begin on day one each
charged on the day of discharge. Your inpatient benefits will time you are admitted
begin on day one each within or to a specific
Covered services include but aren't limited to: time you are admitted facility type. A transfer
within or to a specific within or to a facility
facility type. A transfer including Inpatient
This benefit is continued on the next page.

54 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
What you pay What you pay
Covered Service in‑network out‑of‑network
Inpatient hospital care (continued)
within or to a facility Rehabilitation facilities,
• Semi‑private room (or a private room if including Inpatient Long‑Term Acute Care
medically necessary) Rehabilitation facilities, (LTAC) facilities, Inpatient
• Meals including special diets Long‑Term Acute Care Acute Care facilities, and
• Regular nursing services (LTAC) facilities, Inpatient Inpatient Psychiatric
Acute Care facilities, and facilities, is considered a
• Costs of special care units (such as
Inpatient Psychiatric new admission.
intensive care or coronary care units)
facilities, is considered a
• Drugs and medications
new admission. If you get authorized
• Lab tests
inpatient care at an
• X‑rays and other radiology services If you get authorized out‑of‑network hospital
• Necessary surgical and medical supplies inpatient care at an after your emergency
• Use of appliances, such as wheelchairs out‑of‑network hospital condition is stabilized, your
after your emergency cost is the cost sharing
• Operating and recovery room costs
condition is stabilized, you'd pay at a network
• Physical, occupational, and speech
your cost is the cost hospital.
language therapy
sharing you'd pay at a
• Inpatient substance abuse services
network hospital.
• Under certain conditions, the following
types of transplants are covered: corneal,
kidney, kidney‑pancreatic, heart, liver, lung,
heart/lung, bone marrow, stem cell, and
intestinal/multivisceral. If you need a
transplant, we'll arrange to have your case
reviewed by a Medicare‑approved
transplant center that will decide whether
you're a candidate for a transplant.
Transplant providers may be local or outside
of the service area. If our in‑network
transplant services are outside the
community pattern of care, you may choose
to go locally as long as the local transplant
providers are willing to accept the Original
Medicare rate. If Aetna Medicare Select
(HMO‑POS) provides transplant services at
a location outside the pattern of care for
transplants in your community and you
choose to get transplants at this distant
location, we'll arrange or pay for appropriate
lodging and transportation costs for you and
a companion.
• Blood – including storage and
administration. Coverage of whole blood
and packed red cells starts with the first pint
of blood you need. All other components of
blood are covered starting with the first pint.
• Physician services
This benefit is continued on the next page.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 55
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
What you pay What you pay
Covered Service in‑network out‑of‑network
Inpatient hospital care (continued)
Note: To be an inpatient, your provider must write
an order to admit you formally as an inpatient of
the hospital. Even if you stay in the hospital
overnight, you might still be considered an
outpatient. If you're not sure if you're an inpatient
or an outpatient, ask the hospital staff.
Get more information in the Medicare fact sheet
Medicare Hospital Benefits. This fact sheet is
available at Medicare.gov/publications/11435-
Medicare-Hospital-Benefits.pdf or by calling
1‑800‑MEDICARE (1‑800‑633‑4227). TTY users
call 1‑877‑486‑2048.
Prior authorization may be required and is the
responsibility of your provider.
*Amounts you pay for blood do not apply to your
in‑network or combined maximum out‑of‑pocket
amount.
Inpatient services in a psychiatric hospital $310 per day, days 1‑6; $0 50% per stay for each
Covered services include mental health care per day, days 7‑90 for medically necessary
services that require a hospital stay. each medically necessary covered inpatient stay.
covered inpatient stay. Cost sharing is charged for
Days covered: There is a 190‑day lifetime limit for Cost sharing is charged for each medically necessary
inpatient services in a psychiatric hospital. The each medically necessary covered inpatient stay.
190‑day limit doesn't apply to inpatient mental covered inpatient stay.
health services provided in a psychiatric unit of a Your inpatient benefits will
general hospital. Cost sharing is not charged on Your inpatient benefits will begin on day one each
the day of discharge. begin on day one each time you are admitted
time you are admitted within or to a specific
Prior authorization may be required and is the within or to a specific facility type. A transfer
responsibility of your provider. facility type. A transfer within or to a facility
within or to a facility including Inpatient
including Inpatient Rehabilitation facilities,
Rehabilitation facilities, Long‑Term Acute Care
Long‑Term Acute Care (LTAC) facilities, Inpatient
(LTAC) facilities, Inpatient Acute Care facilities, and
Acute Care facilities, and Inpatient Psychiatric
Inpatient Psychiatric facilities is considered a
facilities, is considered a new admission.
new admission.
Inpatient stay: Covered services you get in a $0 copay for 50% coinsurance for
hospital or SNF during a non‑covered inpatient Medicare‑covered Medicare‑covered primary
stay primary care provider care provider (PCP)
If you’ve used up your skilled nursing facility (PCP) services (including services (including
benefits, or if the skilled nursing facility or urgently needed services). telehealth services and
inpatient stay isn’t reasonable and necessary, we urgently needed services).
won’t cover your inpatient stay. In some cases,
This benefit is continued on the next page.

56 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
What you pay What you pay
Covered Service in‑network out‑of‑network
Inpatient stay: Covered services you get in a
hospital or SNF during a non‑covered inpatient
stay (continued)
we’ll cover certain services you get while you’re in $25 copay for 50% coinsurance for
the hospital or the skilled nursing facility (SNF). Medicare‑covered Medicare‑covered
Covered services include, but aren’t limited to: physician specialist physician specialist
services (including surgery services (including surgery
• Physician services second opinion, home second opinion, telehealth
• Diagnostic tests (like lab tests) infusion professional services, home infusion
services, and urgently professional services, and
• X‑ray, radium, and isotope therapy
needed services). urgently needed services).
including technician materials and services
• Surgical dressings
$0 ‑ $25 copay for each 50% coinsurance for each
• Splints, casts and other devices used to
Medicare‑covered Medicare‑covered
reduce fractures and dislocations
diagnostic procedure and diagnostic procedure and
• Prosthetics and orthotics devices (other
test. test.
than dental) that replace all or part of an
internal body organ (including contiguous
• $0 copay for 50% coinsurance for each
tissue), or all or part of the function of a
services provided by Medicare‑covered lab
permanently inoperative or malfunctioning
your primary care service.
internal body organ, including replacement
provider in their
or repairs of such devices
office. 50% coinsurance for each
• Leg, arm, back, and neck braces; trusses,
• $25 copay for Medicare‑covered CT
and artificial legs, arms, and eyes including
services performed scan and
adjustments, repairs, and replacements
by a provider other Medicare‑covered
required because of breakage, wear, loss, or
than your primary diagnostic radiology
a change in the patient’s physical condition
care provider. services other than CT
• Physical therapy, speech therapy, and
scans.
occupational therapy
$0 copay for certain 50% coinsurance for each
Prior authorization may be required and is the
Medicare‑covered Medicare‑covered x‑ray.
responsibility of your provider.
diagnostic tests and
services including retinal 50% coinsurance for each
fundus, spirometry, and Medicare‑covered
peripheral arterial disease therapeutic radiology
(PAD) testing. service.
$0 copay for each 50% coinsurance for
Medicare‑covered lab Medicare‑covered
service. medical supplies.
$170 copay for each 50% coinsurance for each
Medicare‑covered CT Medicare‑covered
scan. prosthetic and orthotic
device.
$170 copay for each
Medicare‑covered 50% coinsurance for each
diagnostic radiology Medicare‑covered
service other than CT physical and speech
scans. therapy service.
This benefit is continued on the next page.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 57
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
What you pay What you pay
Covered Service in‑network out‑of‑network
Inpatient stay: Covered services you get in a
hospital or SNF during a non‑covered inpatient
stay (continued)
$0 copay for each 50% coinsurance for each
Medicare‑covered x‑ray. Medicare‑covered
occupational therapy
20% coinsurance for each service.
Medicare‑covered
therapeutic radiology
service.
0% ‑ 20% coinsurance for
Medicare‑covered
medical supplies.
• 0% coinsurance for
continuous glucose
monitor supplies.
• 20% coinsurance for
all other
Medicare‑covered
medical supplies.
20% coinsurance for each
Medicare‑covered
prosthetic and orthotic
device.
$25 copay for each
Medicare‑covered
physical and speech
therapy service.
$25 copay for each
Medicare‑covered
occupational therapy
service.
There is no coinsurance, 50% coinsurance for
Medical nutrition therapy
copayment, or deductible members eligible for
This benefit is for people with diabetes, renal
for members eligible for Medicare‑covered
(kidney) disease (but not on dialysis), or after a
Medicare‑covered medical nutrition therapy
kidney transplant when ordered by your doctor.
medical nutrition therapy services.
services.
We cover 3 hours of one‑on‑one counseling
services during the first year you get medical
nutrition therapy services under Medicare (this
includes our plan, any other Medicare Advantage
plan, or Original Medicare), and 2 hours each year
after that. If your condition, treatment, or
diagnosis changes, you may be able to get more
This benefit is continued on the next page.

58 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
What you pay What you pay
Covered Service in‑network out‑of‑network
Medical nutrition therapy (continued)
hours of treatment with a physician’s order. A
physician must prescribe these services and
renew their order yearly if your treatment is
needed into the next calendar year.
There is no coinsurance, $0 copay for the
Medicare Diabetes Prevention Program
copayment, or deductible Medicare‑covered MDPP
(MDPP)
for the MDPP benefit. benefit.
MDPP services are covered for eligible people
under all Medicare health plans.
MDPP is a structured health behavior change
intervention that provides practical training in
long‑term dietary change, increased physical
activity, and problem‑solving strategies for
overcoming challenges to sustaining weight loss
and a healthy lifestyle.
Medicare Part B drugs $35 copay for insulin. $35 copay for insulin.
These drugs are covered under Part B of Insulin cost sharing is Insulin cost sharing is
Original Medicare. Members of our plan receive subject to a coinsurance subject to a coinsurance
coverage for these drugs through our plan. cap of $35 for cap of $35 for
Covered drugs include: one‑month’s supply of one‑month’s supply of
insulin and plan level insulin and plan level
• Drugs that usually aren’t self‑administered deductibles do not apply. deductibles do not apply.
by the patient and are injected or infused
while you get physician, hospital outpatient, 0% ‑ 20% coinsurance for 50% coinsurance for
or ambulatory surgical center services chemotherapy drugs. chemotherapy drugs.
• Insulin furnished through an item of durable
medical equipment (such as a medically • Cost sharing shown 50% coinsurance for all
necessary insulin pump) is the maximum you other drugs covered under
• Other drugs you take using durable medical will pay for Part B Medicare Part B.
equipment (such as nebulizers) that were prescription drugs.
authorized by our plan You may pay less for Part B drugs may be
• The Alzheimer’s drug, Leqembi® (generic certain drugs. subject to step therapy
name lecanemab), which is administered requirements.
intravenously. In addition to medication 0% ‑ 20% coinsurance for
costs, you may need additional scans and all other drugs covered
tests before and/or during treatment that under Medicare Part B.
could add to your overall costs. Talk to your
doctor about what scans and tests you may • Cost sharing shown
need as part of your treatment is the maximum you
• Clotting factors you give yourself by will pay for Part B
injection if you have hemophilia prescription drugs.
• Transplant/immunosuppressive drugs: You may pay less for
Medicare covers transplant drug therapy if certain drugs.
Medicare paid for your organ transplant.
You must have Part A at the time of the
covered transplant, and you must have Part Part B drugs may be
B at the time you get immunosuppressive subject to step therapy
requirements.
This benefit is continued on the next page.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 59
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
What you pay What you pay
Covered Service in‑network out‑of‑network
Medicare Part B drugs (continued)
drugs. Medicare Part D drug coverage
covers immunosuppressive drugs if Part B
doesn't cover them
• Injectable osteoporosis drugs, if you’re
homebound, have a bone fracture that a
doctor certifies was related to
post‑menopausal osteoporosis, and can’t
self‑administer the drug
• Some antigens: Medicare covers antigens if
a doctor prepares them and a properly
instructed person (who could be you, the
patient) gives them under appropriate
supervision
• Certain oral anti‑cancer drugs: Medicare
covers some oral cancer drugs you take by
mouth if the same drug is available in
injectable form or the drug is a prodrug (an
oral form of a drug that, when ingested,
breaks down into the same active ingredient
found in the injectable drug) of the
injectable drug. As new oral cancer drugs
become available, Part B may cover them. If
Part B doesn’t cover them, Part D does.
• Oral anti‑nausea drugs: Medicare covers
oral anti‑nausea drugs you use as part of an
anti‑cancer chemotherapeutic regimen if
they’re administered before, at, or within 48
hours of chemotherapy or are used as a full
therapeutic replacement for an intravenous
anti‑nausea drug
• Certain oral End‑Stage Renal Disease
(ESRD) drugs covered under Medicare Part
B
• Calcimimetic and phosphate binder
medications under the ESRD payment
system, including the intravenous
medication Parsabiv®, and the oral
medication Sensipar®
• Certain drugs for home dialysis, including
heparin, the antidote for heparin when
medically necessary and topical anesthetics
• Erythropoiesis‑stimulating agents: Medicare
covers erythropoietin by injection if you
have End‑Stage Renal Disease (ESRD) or
you need this drug to treat anemia related to
certain other conditions (such as Epogen®,
Procrit®, Retacrit®, Epoetin Alfa, Aranesp®,
Darbepoetin Alfa, Mircera®, or Methoxy
This benefit is continued on the next page.

60 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
What you pay What you pay
Covered Service in‑network out‑of‑network
Medicare Part B drugs (continued)
polyethylene glycol‑epoetin beta)
• Intravenous Immune Globulin for the home
treatment of primary immune deficiency
diseases
• Parenteral and enteral nutrition (intravenous
and tube feeding)
This link will take you to a list of Part B drugs that
may be subject to Step Therapy:
Aetna.com/PartB-Step
We also cover some vaccines under our Part B
and most adult vaccines under our Part D drug
benefit.
Chapter 5 explains our Part D drug benefit,
including rules you must follow to have
prescriptions covered. What you pay for your Part
D drugs through our plan is explained in Chapter
6.
Prior authorization may be required and is the
responsibility of your provider.
There is no coinsurance, 50% coinsurance for
Obesity screening and therapy to promote
copayment, or deductible preventive obesity
sustained weight loss
for preventive obesity screening and therapy.
If you have a body mass index of 30 or more, we
screening and therapy.
cover intensive counseling to help you lose
weight. This counseling is covered if you get it in a
primary care setting, where it can be coordinated
with your comprehensive prevention plan. Talk to
your primary care doctor or practitioner to find out
more.
Opioid treatment program services $25 copay for each 50% coinsurance for each
Members of our plan with opioid use disorder Medicare‑covered opioid Medicare‑covered opioid
(OUD) can get coverage of services to treat OUD use disorder treatment use disorder treatment
through an Opioid Treatment Program (OTP) service. service.
which includes the following services:
• U.S. Food and Drug Administration
(FDA)‑approved opioid agonist and
antagonist medication‑assisted treatment
(MAT) medications
• Dispensing and administration of MAT
medications (if applicable)
• Substance use counseling
• Individual and group therapy
This benefit is continued on the next page.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 61
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
What you pay What you pay
Covered Service in‑network out‑of‑network
Opioid treatment program services (continued)
• Toxicology testing
• Intake activities
• Periodic assessments
Prior authorization may be required and is the
responsibility of your provider.
Outpatient diagnostic tests and therapeutic $0 copay for each 50% coinsurance for each
services and supplies Medicare‑covered x‑ray. Medicare‑covered x‑ray.
Covered services include, but aren't limited to:
20% coinsurance for each 50% coinsurance for each
• X‑rays Medicare‑covered Medicare‑covered
• Radiation (radium and isotope) therapy therapeutic radiology therapeutic radiology
including technician materials and supplies service. service.
• Surgical supplies, such as dressings
0% ‑ 20% coinsurance for 50% coinsurance for
• Splints, casts and other devices used to
Medicare‑covered Medicare‑covered
reduce fractures and dislocations
medical supplies. medical supplies.
• Laboratory tests
• Blood – including storage and
• 0% coinsurance for 50% coinsurance for each
administration. Coverage of whole blood
continuous glucose Medicare‑covered lab
and packed red cells starts with the first pint
monitor supplies. service.
of blood you need. All other components of
• 20% coinsurance for
blood are covered starting with the first pint.
all other 50% coinsurance for
• Diagnostic non‑laboratory tests such as CT
Medicare‑covered Medicare‑covered and
scans, MRIs, EKGs, and PET scans when
medical supplies. non‑Medicare covered
your doctor or other health care provider
blood services.
orders them to treat a medical problem.
$0 copay for each
• Other outpatient diagnostic tests
Medicare‑covered lab 50% coinsurance for each
service. Medicare‑covered CT
Prior authorization may be required and is the
scan and
responsibility of your provider. $0 copay for Medicare‑covered
Medicare‑covered and diagnostic radiology
*Amounts you pay for blood do not apply to your non‑Medicare covered services other than CT
in‑network or combined maximum out‑of‑pocket blood services. scans.
amount.
$170 copay for each 50% coinsurance for each
Medicare‑covered CT Medicare‑covered
scan. diagnostic procedure and
test.
$170 copay for each
Medicare‑covered
diagnostic radiology
service other than CT
scans.
$0 ‑ $25 copay for each
Medicare‑covered
diagnostic procedure and
This benefit is continued on the next page.

62 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
What you pay What you pay
Covered Service in‑network out‑of‑network
Outpatient diagnostic tests and therapeutic
services and supplies (continued)
test.
• $0 copay for
services provided by
your primary care
provider in their
office.
• $25 copay for
services performed
by a provider other
than your primary
care provider.
$0 copay for certain
Medicare‑covered
diagnostic tests and
services including retinal
fundus, spirometry, and
peripheral arterial disease
(PAD) testing.
An additional cost share
may apply if you receive
services from multiple
providers.
Outpatient hospital observation $310 copay for outpatient 50% coinsurance for
Observation services are hospital outpatient hospital observation outpatient hospital
services given to determine if you need to be services. observation services.
admitted as an inpatient or can be discharged.
For outpatient hospital observation services to be
covered, they must meet Medicare criteria and be
considered reasonable and necessary.
Observation services are covered only when
provided by the order of a physician or another
person authorized by state licensure law and
hospital staff bylaws to admit patients to the
hospital or order outpatient tests.
Note: Unless the provider has written an order to
admit you as an inpatient to the hospital, you're an
outpatient and pay the cost‑sharing amounts for
outpatient hospital services. Even if you stay in the
hospital overnight, you might still be considered
an outpatient. If you aren't sure if you're an
outpatient, ask the hospital staff.
This benefit is continued on the next page.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 63
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
What you pay What you pay
Covered Service in‑network out‑of‑network
Outpatient hospital observation (continued)
Get more information in the Medicare fact sheet
Medicare Hospital Benefits This fact sheet is
available at Medicare.gov/publications/11435-
Medicare-Hospital-Benefits.pdf or by calling
1‑800‑MEDICARE (1‑800‑633‑4227). TTY users
call 1‑877‑486‑2048.
Prior authorization may be required and is the
responsibility of your provider.
Outpatient hospital services $300 copay for each 50% coinsurance for each
We cover medically necessary services you get in Medicare‑covered Medicare‑covered
the outpatient department of a hospital for outpatient surgery at an outpatient surgery at an
diagnosis or treatment of an illness or injury. outpatient hospital facility. outpatient hospital facility.
Covered services include, but aren't limited to: $310 copay for outpatient 50% coinsurance for
hospital observation outpatient hospital
• Services in an emergency department or services. observation services.
outpatient clinic, such as observation
services or outpatient surgery $0 ‑ $25 copay for each 50% coinsurance for each
• Laboratory and diagnostic tests billed by the Medicare‑covered Medicare‑covered
hospital diagnostic procedure and diagnostic procedure and
• Mental health care, including care in a test. test.
partial‑hospitalization program, if a doctor
certifies that inpatient treatment would be • $0 copay for 50% coinsurance for each
required without it services provided by Medicare‑covered lab
• X‑rays and other radiology services billed by your primary care service.
the hospital provider in their
• Medical supplies such as splints and casts office. 50% coinsurance for each
• Certain drugs and biologicals you can’t give • $25 copay for Medicare‑covered CT
yourself services performed scan and
by a provider other Medicare‑covered
Note: Unless the provider has written an order to than your primary diagnostic radiology
admit you as an inpatient to the hospital, you're an care provider. services other than CT
outpatient and pay the cost‑sharing amounts for scans.
outpatient hospital services. Even if you stay in the
hospital overnight, you might still be considered 50% coinsurance for each
an outpatient. If you aren't sure if you're an $0 copay for certain Medicare‑covered x‑ray.
outpatient, ask the hospital staff. Medicare‑covered
Prior authorization may be required and is the diagnostic tests and 50% coinsurance for each
responsibility of your provider. services including retinal Medicare‑covered
fundus, spirometry, and therapeutic radiology
peripheral arterial disease service.
(PAD) testing.
50% coinsurance for each
$0 copay for each Medicare‑covered
Medicare‑covered lab individual session for
service. outpatient psychiatrist
service.
This benefit is continued on the next page.

64 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
What you pay What you pay
Covered Service in‑network out‑of‑network
Outpatient hospital services (continued)
$170 copay for each
Medicare‑covered CT 50% coinsurance for each
scan. Medicare‑covered group
session for outpatient
$170 copay for each psychiatrist service.
Medicare‑covered
diagnostic radiology 50% coinsurance for each
service other than CT Medicare‑covered
scans. individual session for
outpatient mental health
$0 copay for each service.
Medicare‑covered x‑ray.
50% coinsurance for each
20% coinsurance for each Medicare‑covered group
Medicare‑covered session for outpatient
therapeutic radiology mental health service.
service.
50% coinsurance for each
$25 copay for each Medicare‑covered partial
Medicare‑covered hospitalization day.
individual session for
outpatient psychiatrist 50% coinsurance for each
service. Medicare‑covered
intensive outpatient visit.
$25 copay for each
Medicare‑covered group 50% coinsurance for
session for outpatient Medicare‑covered
psychiatrist service. medical supplies.
$25 copay for each $35 copay for insulin.
Medicare‑covered Insulin cost sharing is
individual session for subject to a coinsurance
outpatient mental health cap of $35 for
service. one‑month’s supply of
insulin and plan level
$25 copay for each deductibles do not apply.
Medicare‑covered group
session for outpatient 50% coinsurance for
mental health service. chemotherapy drugs.
$55 copay for each 50% coinsurance for all
Medicare‑covered partial other drugs covered under
hospitalization day. Medicare Part B.
$180 copay for each
Medicare‑covered
intensive outpatient visit.
This benefit is continued on the next page.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 65
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
What you pay What you pay
Covered Service in‑network out‑of‑network
Outpatient hospital services (continued)
0% ‑ 20% coinsurance for
Medicare‑covered
medical supplies.
• 0% coinsurance for
continuous glucose
monitor supplies.
• 20% coinsurance for
all other
Medicare‑covered
medical supplies.
$35 copay for insulin.
Insulin cost sharing is
subject to a coinsurance
cap of $35 for
one‑month’s supply of
insulin and plan level
deductibles do not apply.
0% ‑ 20% coinsurance for
chemotherapy drugs.
• Cost sharing shown
is the maximum you
will pay for Part B
prescription drugs.
You may pay less for
certain drugs.
0% ‑ 20% coinsurance for
all other drugs covered
under Medicare Part B.
• Cost sharing shown
is the maximum you
will pay for Part B
prescription drugs.
You may pay less for
certain drugs.
Outpatient mental health care $25 copay for each 50% coinsurance for each
Covered services include: Medicare‑covered Medicare‑covered
individual session for individual session for
Mental health services provided by a outpatient psychiatrist outpatient psychiatrist
state‑licensed psychiatrist or doctor, clinical service. service.
psychologist, clinical social worker, clinical nurse
specialist, licensed professional counselor (LPC), 50% coinsurance for each
licensed marriage and family therapist (LMFT), Medicare‑covered group
nurse practitioner (NP), physician assistant (PA), session for outpatient
This benefit is continued on the next page.

66 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
What you pay What you pay
Covered Service in‑network out‑of‑network
Outpatient mental health care (continued)
or other Medicare‑qualified mental health care $25 copay for each psychiatrist service.
professional as allowed under applicable state Medicare‑covered group
laws. session for outpatient 50% coinsurance for each
psychiatrist service. Medicare‑covered
Prior authorization may be required and is the individual session for
responsibility of your provider. $25 copay for each outpatient mental health
Medicare‑covered service.
individual session for
outpatient mental health 50% coinsurance for each
service. Medicare‑covered group
session for outpatient
$25 copay for each mental health service.
Medicare‑covered group
session for outpatient
mental health service.
Outpatient rehabilitation services $25 copay for each 50% coinsurance for each
Covered services include physical therapy, Medicare‑covered Medicare‑covered
occupational therapy, and speech language occupational therapy occupational therapy
therapy. service. service.
Outpatient rehabilitation services are provided in $25 copay for each 50% coinsurance for each
various outpatient settings, such as hospital Medicare‑covered Medicare‑covered
outpatient departments, independent therapist physical and speech physical and speech
offices, and Comprehensive Outpatient therapy service. therapy service.
Rehabilitation Facilities (CORFs).
Outpatient substance use disorder services $25 copay for each 50% coinsurance for each
Our coverage is the same as Original Medicare’s Medicare‑covered Medicare‑covered
which is coverage for services that are provided in individual session for individual session for
the outpatient department of a hospital to patients outpatient substance use outpatient substance use
who, for example, have been discharged from an disorder service. disorder service.
inpatient stay for the treatment of substance use
disorder or who require treatment but do not $25 copay for each 50% coinsurance for each
require the availability and intensity of services Medicare‑covered group Medicare‑covered group
found only in the inpatient hospital setting. The session for outpatient session for outpatient
coverage available for these services is subject to substance use disorder substance use disorder
the same rules generally applicable to the service. service.
coverage of outpatient hospital services.
Covered services include:
• Assessment, evaluation, and treatment for
substance use‑related disorders by a
Medicare‑eligible provider to quickly
determine the severity of substance use and
identify the appropriate level of treatment.
This benefit is continued on the next page.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 67
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
What you pay What you pay
Covered Service in‑network out‑of‑network
Outpatient substance use disorder services
(continued)
• Brief interventions or advice focusing on
increasing insight and awareness regarding
substance use and motivation toward
behavioral change.
Prior authorization may be required and is the
responsibility of your provider.
Outpatient surgery, including services provided $300 copay for each 50% coinsurance for each
at hospital outpatient facilities and ambulatory Medicare‑covered Medicare‑covered
surgical centers outpatient surgery at an outpatient surgery at an
Note: If you're having surgery in a hospital facility, outpatient hospital facility. outpatient hospital facility.
you should check with your provider about
whether you'll be an inpatient or outpatient. $250 copay for each 50% coinsurance for each
Unless the provider writes an order to admit you Medicare‑covered Medicare‑covered
as an inpatient to the hospital, you're an outpatient outpatient surgery at an outpatient surgery at an
and pay the cost‑sharing amounts for outpatient ambulatory surgical ambulatory surgical
surgery. Even if you stay in the hospital overnight, center. center.
you might still be considered an outpatient.
Prior authorization may be required and is the
responsibility of your provider.
Over‑the‑Counter (OTC) benefit There is no coinsurance, The in‑network provider
You will receive a $30 benefit amount (allowance) copayment, or deductible must be used for covered
each calendar quarter to purchase approved for covered OTC products. OTC products.
over‑the‑counter (OTC) products. Approved OTC
products can be found in the OTC catalog. The
catalog with details on how to purchase products
can be viewed at AetnaMedicare.com/H2663-
023.
OTC health and wellness products include things
like first aid supplies, cold and allergy medicine,
pain relievers, and more. This benefit includes
certain nicotine replacement therapies.
The benefit amount is not connected to a
payment or debit card and is available to use on
the first day of each calendar quarter. Calendar
quarters begin in January, April, July, and
October. Be sure to use the full benefit amount
each quarter, because any unused amount will
not roll over into the next quarter.
You can get OTC products in 3 ways:
This benefit is continued on the next page.

68 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
What you pay What you pay
Covered Service in‑network out‑of‑network
Over‑the‑Counter (OTC) benefit (continued)
1. Online: Visit CVS.com/Aetna and register
using your member ID and email address.
2. By phone: Call 1‑844‑428‑8147 (TTY: 711).
You can order 24 hours a day/7 days a week
with the automated phone ordering system.
Representatives are available 8 AM‑8 PM
local time, 7 days a week, excluding federal
holidays.
Please note: Orders for in‑stock products
placed online or by phone should be
delivered within five (5) business days.
3. In store: You can also purchase products
from the catalog at a CVS Pharmacy®, CVS
Pharmacy y más®, or Navarro® store. This
excludes CVS Pharmacy locations inside
Target or Schnucks stores and select other
CVS Pharmacy locations. To find a store
near you visit CVS.com/storelocator.
Important: Please see your catalog for important
benefit exclusions and limitations. If you would
like a replacement OTC catalog, you can call
1‑844‑428‑8147 (TTY: 711) to request a
replacement copy.
*Amounts you pay for over‑the‑counter products
do not apply to your in‑network or combined
maximum out‑of‑pocket amount.
Partial hospitalization services and Intensive $55 copay for each 50% coinsurance for each
outpatient services Medicare‑covered partial Medicare‑covered partial
Partial hospitalization is a structured program of hospitalization day. hospitalization day.
active psychiatric treatment provided as a
hospital outpatient service or by a community $180 copay for each 50% coinsurance for each
mental health center that's more intense than care Medicare‑covered Medicare‑covered
you get in your doctor’s, therapist’s, licensed intensive outpatient visit. intensive outpatient visit.
marriage and family therapist’s (LMFT), or
licensed professional counselor’s office and is an
alternative to inpatient hospitalization.
Intensive outpatient service is a structured
program of active behavioral (mental) health
therapy treatment provided in a hospital
outpatient department, a community mental
health center, a federally qualified health center,
or a rural health clinic that's more intense than
care you get in your doctor’s, therapist’s, licensed
marriage and family therapist’s (LMFT), or
licensed professional counselor’s office but less
intense than partial hospitalization.
This benefit is continued on the next page.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 69
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
What you pay What you pay
Covered Service in‑network out‑of‑network
Partial hospitalization services and Intensive
outpatient services (continued)
Prior authorization may be required and is the
responsibility of your provider.
Physician/Practitioner services, including $0 copay for 50% coinsurance for
doctor’s office visits Medicare‑covered Medicare‑covered primary
Covered services include: primary care provider care provider (PCP)
(PCP) services (including services (including
• Medically necessary medical care or urgently needed services). telehealth services and
surgery services you get in a physician’s urgently needed services).
office, certified ambulatory surgical center, Note: If you use a PCP (or
hospital outpatient department, or any other PCP office) whose name is 50% coinsurance for
location not printed on your Medicare‑covered
• Consultation, diagnosis, and treatment by a Member ID card, you may physician specialist
specialist incur a higher cost share services (including surgery
• Basic hearing and balance exams or your claims may be second opinion, telehealth
performed by your PCP or specialist, if your denied. If you would like to services, home infusion
doctor orders it to see if you need medical change your PCP, contact professional services, and
treatment Member Services. urgently needed services).
• Certain telehealth services, as long as your
provider can offer these services via $25 copay for 50% coinsurance for each
telehealth, including: Medicare‑covered Medicare‑covered hearing
○ Primary care provider services physician specialist exam.
Physician specialist services services (including surgery
○
second opinion, home
Diabetes self‑management training
○
infusion professional
services
services, and urgently
Kidney disease education services
○
needed services).
Mental health services (individual
○
sessions)
$25 copay for each
Mental health services (group sessions)
○ Medicare‑covered hearing
○ Occupational therapy services exam.
Opioid treatment services
○
Outpatient substance use disorder Certain additional
○
services (individual sessions) telehealth services,
Outpatient substance use disorder including:
○
services (group sessions)
Physical and speech therapy services • $0 copay for each
○
primary care
Psychiatric services (individual sessions)
○ provider service
Psychiatric services (group sessions)
○ • $25 copay for each
○ Urgently needed services physician specialist
• This coverage is in addition to the telehealth service
services described below. For more details • $0 copay for each
on your additional telehealth coverage, diabetes
please review your Aetna Medicare self‑management
Telehealth Coverage at training service
AetnaMedicare.com/Telehealth
This benefit is continued on the next page.

70 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
What you pay What you pay
Covered Service in‑network out‑of‑network
Physician/Practitioner services, including
doctor’s office visits (continued)
You have the option of getting these • 20% coinsurance for
○
services through an in‑person visit or by each kidney disease
telehealth. If you choose to get one of education service
these services by telehealth, you must • $25 copay for each
use a network provider who offers the individual session for
service by telehealth. Not all providers mental health
offer telehealth services. service
You should contact your doctor for • $25 copay for each
○
information on what telehealth services group session for
they offer and how to schedule a mental health
telehealth visit. Depending on location, service
you may also have the option to schedule • $25 copay for each
a telehealth visit 24 hours a day, 7 days a occupational
week via Teladoc, MinuteClinic® Video therapy service
Visit, or other provider that offers • $25 copay for each
telehealth services covered under your opioid treatment
plan. You can access Teladoc at program service
Teladoc.com/Aetna or by calling • $25 copay for each
1‑855‑TELADOC (1‑855‑835‑2362) (TTY: individual session for
711). You can find out if MinuteClinic® outpatient
Video Visits are available in your area at substance use
CVS.com/MinuteClinic/virtual- disorder service
care/videovisit. • $25 copay for each
• Some telehealth services including group session for
consultation, diagnosis, and treatment by a outpatient
physician or practitioner, for patients in substance use
certain rural areas or other places approved disorder service
by Medicare • $25 copay for each
• Telehealth services for monthly end‑stage physical therapy and
renal disease‑related visits for home dialysis speech therapy
members in a hospital‑based or critical service
access hospital‑based renal dialysis center, • $25 copay for each
renal dialysis facility, or the member’s home individual session for
• Telehealth services to diagnose, evaluate, or psychiatric service
treat symptoms of a stroke regardless of • $25 copay for each
your location group session for
• Telehealth services for members with a psychiatric service
substance use disorder or co‑occurring • $25 copay for each
mental health disorder, regardless of their urgently needed
location service
• Telehealth services for diagnosis,
evaluation, and treatment of mental health $0 for physician specialist
disorders if: services received in a
You have an in‑person visit within 6 nursing home.
○
months prior to your first telehealth visit
This benefit is continued on the next page.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 71
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
What you pay What you pay
Covered Service in‑network out‑of‑network
Physician/Practitioner services, including
doctor’s office visits (continued)
You have an in‑person visit every 12
○
months while receiving these telehealth
services
Exceptions can be made to the above for
○
certain circumstances
• Telehealth services for mental health visits
provided by Rural Health Clinics and
Federally Qualified Health Centers
• Virtual check‑ins (for example, by phone or
video chat) with your doctor for 5‑10
minutes if:
You’re not a new patient and
○
The check‑in isn’t related to an office visit
○
in the past 7 days and
The check‑in doesn’t lead to an office
○
visit within 24 hours or the soonest
available appointment
• Evaluation of video and/or images you send
to your doctor, and interpretation and
follow‑up by your doctor within 24 hours if:
You’re not a new patient and
○
The evaluation isn’t related to an office
○
visit in the past 7 days and
The evaluation doesn’t lead to an office
○
visit within 24 hours or the soonest
available appointment
• Consultation your doctor has with other
doctors by phone, internet, or electronic
health record
• Second opinion by another network
provider prior to surgery
Prior authorization may be required and is the
responsibility of your provider.
Podiatry services $25 copay for each 50% coinsurance for each
Covered services include: Medicare‑covered Medicare‑covered
podiatry visit. podiatry visit.
• Diagnosis and the medical or surgical
treatment of injuries and diseases of the feet $25 copay for each Non‑Medicare covered
(such as hammer toe or heel spurs) additional non‑Medicare podiatry services are not
• Routine foot care for members with certain covered podiatry visit. covered out‑of‑network.
medical conditions affecting the lower limbs
In addition to Medicare‑covered benefits, we also
offer:
This benefit is continued on the next page.

72 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
What you pay What you pay
Covered Service in‑network out‑of‑network
Podiatry services (continued)
• Additional (non‑Medicare covered) podiatry
services: up to six visits every year
There is no coinsurance, 50% coinsurance for each
Pre‑exposure prophylaxis (PrEP) for HIV
copayment, or deductible Medicare‑covered PrEP
prevention
for each service.
If you don’t have HIV, but your doctor or other
Medicare‑covered PrEP
health care practitioner determines you're at an
service.
increased risk for HIV, we cover pre‑exposure
prophylaxis (PrEP) medication and related
services.
If you qualify, covered services include:
• FDA‑approved oral or injectable PrEP
medication. If you’re getting an injectable
drug, we also cover the fee for injecting the
drug.
• Up to 8 individual counseling sessions
(including HIV risk assessment, HIV risk
reduction, and medication adherence)
every 12 months.
• Up to 8 HIV screenings every 12 months.
• A one‑time hepatitis B virus screening
$0 copay for each 50% coinsurance for each
Prostate cancer screening exams
Medicare‑covered digital Medicare‑covered digital
For men aged 50 and older, covered services
rectal exam. rectal exam.
include the following once every 12 months:
There is no coinsurance, 50% coinsurance for an
• Digital rectal exam
copayment, or deductible annual PSA test.
• Prostate Specific Antigen (PSA) test
for an annual PSA test.
Prosthetic and orthotic devices and related 20% coinsurance for each 50% coinsurance for each
supplies Medicare‑covered Medicare‑covered
Devices (other than dental) that replace all or part prosthetic and orthotic prosthetic and orthotic
of a body part or function. These include, but device. device.
aren't limited to testing, fitting, or training in the
use of prosthetic and orthotic devices; as well as 0% ‑ 20% coinsurance for 50% coinsurance for
colostomy bags and supplies directly related to Medicare‑covered Medicare‑covered
colostomy care, pacemakers, braces, prosthetic medical supplies. medical supplies.
shoes, artificial limbs, and breast prostheses
(including a surgical brassiere after a • 0% coinsurance for
mastectomy). Includes certain supplies related to continuous glucose
prosthetic and orthotic devices, and repair and/or monitor supplies.
replacement of prosthetic and orthotic devices.
Also includes some coverage following cataract
removal or cataract surgery – go to Vision Care
later in this table for more detail.
This benefit is continued on the next page.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 73
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
What you pay What you pay
Covered Service in‑network out‑of‑network
Prosthetic and orthotic devices and related
supplies (continued)
Prior authorization may be required and is the • 20% coinsurance for
responsibility of your provider. all other
Medicare‑covered
medical supplies.
Pulmonary rehabilitation services $5 copay for each 50% coinsurance for each
Comprehensive programs of pulmonary Medicare‑covered Medicare‑covered
rehabilitation are covered for members who have pulmonary rehabilitation pulmonary rehabilitation
moderate to very severe chronic obstructive service. service.
pulmonary disease (COPD) and an order for
pulmonary rehabilitation from the doctor treating
the chronic respiratory disease.
There is no coinsurance, 50% coinsurance for the
Screening and counseling to reduce alcohol
copayment, or deductible Medicare‑covered
misuse
for the Medicare‑covered screening and counseling
We cover one alcohol misuse screening for adults
screening and counseling to reduce alcohol misuse
(including pregnant women) who misuse alcohol
to reduce alcohol misuse preventive benefit.
but aren’t alcohol dependent.
preventive benefit.
If you screen positive for alcohol misuse, you can
get up to 4 brief face‑to‑face counseling sessions
per year (if you’re competent and alert during
counseling) provided by a qualified primary care
doctor or practitioner in a primary care setting.
There is no coinsurance, 50% coinsurance for the
Screening for Hepatitis C Virus infection
coinsurance, copayment, Medicare‑covered
We cover one Hepatitis C screening if your
or deductible for the Hepatitis C screening.
primary care doctor or other qualified health care
Medicare‑covered
provider orders one and you meet one of these
screening for the Hepatitis
conditions:
C Virus.
• You're at high risk because you use or have
used illicit injection drugs.
• You had a blood transfusion before 1992.
• You were born between 1945‑1965.
If you were born between 1945‑1965 and aren’t
considered high risk, we pay for a screening once.
If you’re at high risk (for example, you’ve
continued to use illicit injection drugs since your
previous negative Hepatitis C screening test), we
cover yearly screenings.
There is no coinsurance, 50% coinsurance for the
Screening for lung cancer with low dose
copayment, or deductible Medicare‑covered
computed tomography (LDCT)
for the Medicare‑covered counseling and shared
For qualified people, a LDCT is covered every 12
counseling and shared decision‑making visit and
months.
decision‑making visit or for the LDCT.
for the LDCT.
This benefit is continued on the next page.

74 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
What you pay What you pay
Covered Service in‑network out‑of‑network
Screening for lung cancer with low dose
computed tomography (LDCT) (continued)
Eligible members are people age 50–77 who
have no signs or symptoms of lung cancer, but
who have a history of tobacco smoking of at least
20 pack‑years and who currently smoke or have
quit smoking within the last 15 years, who get an
order for LDCT during a lung cancer screening
counseling and shared decision‑making visit that
meets the Medicare criteria for such visits and be
furnished by a physician or qualified
non‑physician practitioner.
For LDCT lung cancer screenings after the initial
LDCT screening: the members must get an order
for LDCT lung cancer screening, which may be
furnished during any appropriate visit with a
physician or qualified non‑physician practitioner.
If a physician or qualified non‑physician
practitioner elects to provide a lung cancer
screening counseling and shared
decision‑making visit for later lung cancer
screenings with LDCT, the visit must meet the
Medicare criteria for such visits.
There is no coinsurance, 50% coinsurance for the
Screening for sexually transmitted
copayment, or deductible Medicare‑covered
infections (STIs) and counseling to prevent STIs
for the Medicare‑covered screening for STIs and
We cover sexually transmitted infection (STI)
screening for STIs and counseling for STIs
screenings for chlamydia, gonorrhea, syphilis, and
counseling for STIs preventive benefit.
Hepatitis B. These screenings are covered for
preventive benefit.
pregnant women and for certain people who are
at increased risk for an STI when the tests are
ordered by a primary care provider. We cover
these tests once every 12 months or at certain
times during pregnancy.
We also cover up to 2 individual 20 to 30 minute,
face‑to‑face high‑intensity behavioral counseling
sessions each year for sexually active adults at
increased risk for STIs. We only cover these
counseling sessions as a preventive service if they
are provided by a primary care provider and take
place in a primary care setting, such as a doctor’s
office.
Services to treat kidney disease 20% coinsurance for each 50% coinsurance for each
Covered services include: Medicare‑covered kidney Medicare‑covered kidney
disease education session. disease education session.
50% coinsurance for
outpatient dialysis,
This benefit is continued on the next page.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 75
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
What you pay What you pay
Covered Service in‑network out‑of‑network
Services to treat kidney disease (continued)
20% coinsurance for self‑dialysis training,
• Kidney disease education services to teach Medicare‑covered certain home support
kidney care and help members make outpatient dialysis, services, and home
informed decisions about their care. For self‑dialysis training, dialysis equipment and
members with stage IV chronic kidney certain home support supplies.
disease when referred by their doctor, we services, and home
cover up to 6 sessions of kidney disease dialysis equipment and 50% per stay for each
education services per lifetime supplies. medically necessary
• Outpatient dialysis treatments (including covered inpatient stay.
dialysis treatments when temporarily out of
the service area, as explained in Chapter 3, $310 per day, days 1‑6; $0 Cost sharing is charged for
or when your provider for this service is per day, days 7‑90; $0 each medically necessary
temporarily unavailable or inaccessible) copay for additional days covered inpatient stay.
• Inpatient dialysis treatments (if you’re for each medically
admitted as an inpatient to a hospital for necessary covered Your inpatient benefits will
special care) inpatient stay. Cost begin on day one each
• Self‑dialysis training (includes training for sharing is charged for time you are admitted
you and anyone helping you with your home each medically necessary within or to a specific
dialysis treatments) covered inpatient stay. facility type. A transfer
• Home dialysis equipment and supplies within or to a facility
• Certain home support services (such as, Your inpatient benefits will including Inpatient
when necessary, visits by trained dialysis begin on day one each Rehabilitation facilities,
workers to check on your home dialysis, to time you are admitted Long‑Term Acute Care
help in emergencies, and check your within or to a specific (LTAC) facilities, Inpatient
dialysis equipment and water supply) facility type. A transfer Acute Care facilities, and
within or to a facility Inpatient Psychiatric
Certain drugs for dialysis are covered under including Inpatient facilities, is considered a
Medicare Part B. For information about coverage Rehabilitation facilities, new admission.
for Part B Drugs, please go to Medicare Part B Long‑Term Acute Care
drugs in this table. (LTAC) facilities, Inpatient If you get authorized
Acute Care facilities, and inpatient care at an
Prior authorization may be required and is the Inpatient Psychiatric out‑of‑network hospital
responsibility of your provider. facilities, is considered a after your emergency
new admission. condition is stabilized, your
cost is the cost sharing
If you get authorized you'd pay at a network
inpatient care at an hospital.
out‑of‑network hospital
after your emergency
condition is stabilized,
your cost is the cost
sharing you'd pay at a
network hospital.
Skilled nursing facility (SNF) care $20 per day, days 1‑20; 50% per stay for each
(For a definition of skilled nursing facility care, go $218 per day, days 21‑100 Medicare‑covered SNF
to Chapter 12. Skilled nursing facilities are for each stay.
sometimes called SNFs.) Medicare‑covered SNF
stay. A benefit period begins the
Days covered: up to 100 days per benefit period. A day you go into a hospital
This benefit is continued on the next page.

76 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
What you pay What you pay
Covered Service in‑network out‑of‑network
Skilled nursing facility (SNF) care (continued)
prior hospital stay is not required. We will only A benefit period begins or skilled nursing facility.
cover your stay if you meet certain Medicare the day you go into a The benefit period ends
guidelines and your stay is medically necessary. hospital or skilled nursing when you haven’t received
Cost sharing is not charged on the day of facility. The benefit period any inpatient hospital care
discharge. ends when you haven’t (or skilled care in a SNF)
received any inpatient for 60 days in a row. If you
Covered services include but aren’t limited to: hospital care (or skilled go into a hospital or a
care in a SNF) for 60 days skilled nursing facility after
• Semiprivate room (or a private room if in a row. If you go into a one benefit period has
medically necessary) hospital or a skilled ended, a new benefit
• Meals, including special diets nursing facility after one period begins. There is no
• Skilled nursing services benefit period has ended, limit to the number of
a new benefit period benefit periods you can
• Physical therapy, occupational therapy and
begins. There is no limit to have.
speech therapy
the number of benefit
• Drugs administered to you as part of our
periods you can have.
plan of care (this includes substances that
are naturally present in the body, such as
blood clotting factors.)
• Blood – including storage and
administration. Coverage of whole blood
and packed red cells starts with the first pint
of blood you need. All other components of
blood are covered starting with the first pint.
• Medical and surgical supplies ordinarily
provided by SNFs
• Laboratory tests ordinarily provided by SNFs
• X‑rays and other radiology services
ordinarily provided by SNFs
• Use of appliances such as wheelchairs
ordinarily provided by SNFs
• Physician/Practitioner services
Generally, you get SNF care from network
facilities. Under certain conditions listed below,
you may be able to pay in‑network cost sharing
for a facility that isn’t a network provider, if the
facility accepts our plan’s amounts for payment.
• A nursing home or continuing care
retirement community where you were
living right before you went to the hospital
(as long as it provides skilled nursing facility
care)
• A SNF where your spouse or domestic
partner is living at the time you leave the
hospital
Prior authorization may be required and is the
responsibility of your provider.
This benefit is continued on the next page.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 77
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
What you pay What you pay
Covered Service in‑network out‑of‑network
Skilled nursing facility (SNF) care (continued)
*Amounts you pay for blood do not apply to your
in‑network or combined maximum out‑of‑pocket
amount.
There is no coinsurance, 50% coinsurance for the
Smoking and tobacco use cessation
copayment, or deductible Medicare‑covered
(counseling to stop smoking or tobacco use)
for the Medicare‑covered smoking and tobacco use
Smoking and tobacco use cessation counseling is
smoking and tobacco use cessation preventive
covered for outpatient and hospitalized patients
cessation preventive benefits.
who meet these criteria:
benefits.
50% coinsurance for each
• Use tobacco, regardless of whether they
$0 copay for each additional non‑Medicare
exhibit signs or symptoms of
additional non‑Medicare covered smoking and
tobacco‑related disease
covered smoking and tobacco use cessation
• Are competent and alert during counseling
tobacco use cessation visit.
• A qualified physician or other
visit.
Medicare‑recognized practitioner provides
counseling
We cover 2 cessation attempts per year (each
attempt may include a maximum of 4
intermediate or intensive sessions, with the
patient getting up to 8 sessions per year.)
In addition to Medicare‑covered benefits, we also
offer:
• Additional (non‑Medicare covered)
individual and group face‑to‑face
intermediate and intensive counseling
sessions: unlimited visits every year
Supervised Exercise Therapy (SET) $5 copay for each 50% coinsurance for each
SET is covered for members who have Medicare‑covered Medicare‑covered
symptomatic peripheral artery disease (PAD). Supervised Exercise Supervised Exercise
Therapy service. Therapy service.
Up to 36 sessions over a 12‑week period are
covered if the SET program requirements are met.
The SET program must:
• Consist of sessions lasting 30‑60 minutes,
comprising a therapeutic exercise‑training
program for PAD in patients with
claudication
• Be conducted in a hospital outpatient
setting or a physician’s office
This benefit is continued on the next page.

78 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
What you pay What you pay
Covered Service in‑network out‑of‑network
Supervised Exercise Therapy (SET) (continued)
• Be delivered by qualified auxiliary personnel
necessary to ensure benefits exceed harms
and who are trained in exercise therapy for
PAD
• Be under the direct supervision of a
physician, physician assistant, or nurse
practitioner/clinical nurse specialist who
must be trained in both basic and advanced
life support techniques
SET may be covered beyond 36 sessions over 12
weeks for an additional 36 sessions over an
extended period of time if deemed medically
necessary by a health care provider.
Urgently needed services $25 copay for each $25 copay for each
A plan‑covered service requiring immediate Medicare‑covered urgent Medicare‑covered urgent
medical attention that’s not an emergency is an care facility visit. Cost care facility visit. Cost
urgently needed service if either you’re sharing is not waived if sharing is not waived if you
temporarily outside our plan’s service area, or, you are admitted to the are admitted to the
even if you’re inside our plan’s service area, it’s hospital. hospital.
unreasonable given your time, place, and
circumstances to get this service from network (See (See
providers. Our plan must cover urgently needed Physician/Practitioner Physician/Practitioner
services and only charge you in‑network cost services, including services, including
sharing. Examples of urgently needed services doctor’s office visits for doctor’s office visits for
are unforeseen medical illnesses and injuries, or information about urgently information about urgently
unexpected flare‑ups of existing conditions. needed services provided needed services provided
Medically necessary routine provider visits (like in a physician’s office.) in a physician’s office.)
annual checkups) aren’t considered urgently
needed even if you’re outside our plan’s service $150 copay for each $150 copay for each
area or our plan network is temporarily urgent care visit urgent care visit worldwide
unavailable. worldwide (i.e., outside the (i.e., outside the United
United States). Cost States). Cost sharing is not
In addition to Medicare‑covered benefits, we also sharing is not waived if waived if you are admitted
offer: you are admitted to the to the hospital.
hospital.
• Urgent care (worldwide)
$250,000 annual maximum benefit for worldwide
emergency care, emergency ambulance, and
urgently needed care.
You may have to pay the provider at the time of
service and submit for reimbursement. You will be
reimbursed up to the annual maximum benefit
amount less any applicable copay or cost share.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 79
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
What you pay What you pay
Covered Service in‑network out‑of‑network
$0 copay for each Medicare‑covered eye
Vision care
Medicare‑covered eye exams are not covered
Covered services include:
exam. If you receive out‑of‑network.
additional services during
• Outpatient physician services for the
the eye exam, such as but 50% coinsurance for each
diagnosis and treatment of diseases and
not limited to lab, Medicare‑covered
injuries of the eye, including treatment for
diagnostic testing, and/or glaucoma screening.
age‑related macular degeneration. Original
specialist treatment, you
Medicare doesn’t cover routine eye exams
may also be responsible Follow‑up diabetic eye
(eye refractions) for eyeglasses/contacts.
for a cost share for those exams are not covered
• For people who are at high risk for
additional services out‑of‑network.
glaucoma, we cover one glaucoma
received.
screening each year. People at high risk for
Medicare‑covered
glaucoma include people with a family
$0 copay for each eyewear is not covered
history of glaucoma, people with diabetes,
Medicare‑covered out‑of‑network.
African Americans who are age 50 and
glaucoma screening.
older and Hispanic Americans who are 65 or
Non‑Medicare covered
older.
$0 copay for the initial routine eye exams are not
• For people with diabetes, screening for
diabetic eye exam each covered out‑of‑network.
diabetic retinopathy is covered once per
year.
year.
• One pair of eyeglasses or contact lenses
$0 copay for each
after each cataract surgery that includes
follow‑up diabetic eye
insertion of an intraocular lens. If you have 2
exam.
separate cataract operations, you can’t
reserve the benefit after the first surgery
$0 copay for
and purchase 2 eyeglasses after the second
Medicare‑covered
surgery.
eyewear.
In addition to Medicare‑covered benefits, we also
$0 copay for one
offer:
non‑Medicare covered
• Non‑Medicare covered eye exams routine eye exam with an
(refractions): one exam every year EyeMed provider.
• Follow‑up diabetic eye exam
If you receive additional
services during the eye
*Amounts you pay for non‑Medicare covered
exam, such as but not
routine eye exams do not apply to your in‑network
limited to lab, diagnostic
or combined maximum out‑of‑pocket amount.
testing, and/or specialist
treatment, you may also
*Amounts you pay for follow‑up diabetic eye
be responsible for a cost
exams do not apply to your in‑network or
share for those additional
combined maximum out‑of‑pocket amount.
services received.
Vision care — eyewear (non‑Medicare covered) Covered prescription You must visit an EyeMed
With this plan you get an annual benefit amount eyewear: provider to use your
(allowance) of $175 every year for prescription • Contact lenses: $0 copay benefit amount on
eyewear including: • Eyeglasses (lenses and prescription eyewear.
frames): $0 copay
• Contact lenses • Eyeglass lenses: $0
copay
• Eyeglass frames: $0
This benefit is continued on the next page.

80 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
What you pay What you pay
Covered Service in‑network out‑of‑network
Vision care — eyewear (non‑Medicare covered)
(continued)
copay
• Eyeglasses including lenses and frames • Upgrades (including UV
• Eyeglass lenses protection and scratch
coating): $0 copay
• Eyeglass frames
• Upgrades (including UV protection and
scratch coating)
We have teamed up with EyeMed to provide this
benefit.
You can only use your benefit amount (allowance)
to purchase covered eyewear at an EyeMed
provider. Your benefit amount is applied at the
time of purchase. If your eyewear purchase is
more than your benefit amount, you’ll just need to
pay the difference.
To find a participating EyeMed provider, you can
search online at AetnaMedicareVision.com or
call Aetna vision customer service at
1‑844‑486‑3485 (TTY: 711).
*Amounts you pay for additional eyewear services
do not apply to your in‑network or combined
maximum out‑of‑pocket amount.
There is no coinsurance, 50% coinsurance for the
Welcome to Medicare preventive visit
copayment, or deductible Welcome to Medicare
Our plan covers the one‑time Welcome to
for the Welcome to preventive visit.
Medicare preventive visit. The visit includes a
Medicare preventive visit.
review of your health, as well as education and
50% coinsurance for a
counseling about preventive services you need
$0 copay for a Medicare‑covered EKG
(including certain screenings and shots (or
Medicare‑covered EKG following the Welcome to
vaccines)), and referrals for other care if needed.
following the Welcome to Medicare preventive visit.
Medicare preventive visit.
Important: We cover the Welcome to Medicare
preventive visit only within the first 12 months you
have Medicare Part B. When you make your
appointment, let your doctor’s office know you
want to schedule your Welcome to Medicare
preventive visit.
Wigs $0 copay for a wig. $0 copay for a wig.
You get a $400 benefit amount (allowance) every
year for covered wigs needed for hair loss due to
chemotherapy. You can purchase wigs through a
durable medical equipment (DME) supplier or a
supplier of your choice. You are responsible for
any costs over the benefit amount.
This benefit is continued on the next page.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 81
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
What you pay What you pay
Covered Service in‑network out‑of‑network
Wigs (continued)
To find a DME supplier you can call the phone
number on your member ID card or visit our online
directory at aet.na/search. If you choose to use a
supplier that is not in the DME network, you will
need to pay out‑of‑pocket and submit a claim for
reimbursement along with the receipt. You will
only be reimbursed up to the benefit amount. You
can find the reimbursement form at
AetnaMedicare.com/forms.

82 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
2026 Deluxe EPO POS Mandatory
Dental Schedule of Benefits
Our plan offers supplemental dental benefits. This Schedule of Benefits describes your covered benefits
and services. You are responsible for cost shares listed in the table below when you’re treated by a dentist.
If you get a service not listed in the table, you will have to pay the full cost. You can take this document to
verify your coverage with your dentist. To locate a participating dentist, you can call Member Services or
go online at AetnaMedicare.com/dental.
Preventive Services
Maximum Benefit: None
What you must pay when you get these services
CDT Description Frequency in‑network out‑of‑network
Code
D0120 periodic oral evaluation ‑ established Two procedures $0 50%
patient from this code
group per calendar
D0150 comprehensive oral evaluation ‑ new or $0 50%
year
established patient
D0140 limited oral evaluation ‑ problem Two procedures $0 50%
focused from this code
group per calendar
D0461 testing for cracked tooth $0 50%
year
D0180 comprehensive periodontal evaluation ‑ $0 50%
new or established patient
D1110 prophylaxis ‑ adult two procedures per $0 50%
calendar year
D0270 bitewing ‑ single radiographic image One set of x‑rays $0 50%
from this code
D0272 bitewings ‑ two radiographic images $0 50%
group per calendar
D0273 bitewings ‑ three radiographic images $0 50%
year
D0274 bitewings ‑ four radiographic images $0 50%
D0373 intraoral tomosynthesis – bitewing $0 50%
radiographic image
D0220 intraoral ‑ periapical first radiographic N/A $0 50%
image
D0230 intraoral ‑ periapical each additional $0 50%
radiographic image
D0374 intraoral tomosynthesis – periapical $0 50%
radiographic image
D0210 intraoral – comprehensive series of One procedure from $0 50%
radiographic images this code group
every three years
D0330 panoramic radiographic image $0 50%
D0372 intraoral tomosynthesis – $0 50%
comprehensive series of radiographic
images

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 83
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
Comprehensive Services
Maximum Benefit: $2,000
What you must pay when you get these services
CDT Description Frequency in‑network out‑of‑network
Code
D2140 amalgam ‑ one surface, primary or Two procedures 20% 50%
permanent from this code
group per tooth per
D2150 amalgam ‑ two surfaces, primary or 20% 50%
calendar year
permanent
D2160 amalgam ‑ three surfaces, primary or 20% 50%
permanent
D2161 amalgam ‑ four or more surfaces, 20% 50%
primary or permanent
D2330 resin‑based composite ‑ one surface, 20% 50%
anterior
D2331 resin‑based composite ‑ two surfaces, 20% 50%
anterior
D2332 resin‑based composite ‑ three surfaces, 20% 50%
anterior
D2335 resin‑based composite ‑ four or more 20% 50%
surfaces (anterior)
D2390 resin‑based composite crown, anterior 20% 50%
D2391 resin‑based composite ‑ one surface, 20% 50%
posterior
D2392 resin‑based composite ‑ two surfaces, 20% 50%
posterior
D2393 resin‑based composite ‑ three surfaces, 20% 50%
posterior
D2394 resin‑based composite ‑ four or more 20% 50%
surfaces, posterior
D2910 re‑cement or re‑bond inlay, onlay, One procedure 20% 50%
veneer or partial coverage restoration from this code
group per tooth per
D2915 re‑cement or re‑bond indirectly 20% 50%
calendar year
fabricated or prefabricated post and
core
D2920 re‑cement or re‑bond crown 20% 50%
D3310 endodontic therapy, anterior tooth One procedure 20% 50%
(excluding final restoration) from this code
group per tooth per
D3320 endodontic therapy, premolar tooth 20% 50%
lifetime
(excluding final restoration)
D3330 endodontic therapy, molar tooth 20% 50%
(excluding final restoration)
D3346 retreatment of previous root canal One procedure 20% 50%
therapy ‑ anterior from this group per
tooth per lifetime
D3347 retreatment of previous root canal 20% 50%
therapy ‑ premolar

84 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
CDT Description Frequency in‑network out‑of‑network
Code
D3348 retreatment of previous root canal 20% 50%
therapy ‑ molar
D4341 periodontal scaling and root planing ‑ One procedure 20% 50%
four or more teeth per quadrant from this code
group per quad
D4342 periodontal scaling and root planing ‑ 20% 50%
every two years
one to three teeth per quadrant
D4910 periodontal maintenance two per calendar 20% 50%
year
D7140 extraction, erupted tooth or exposed one extraction per 20% 50%
root (elevation and/or forceps removal) tooth per lifetime
D7210 extraction, erupted tooth requiring 20% 50%
removal of bone and/or sectioning of
tooth, and including elevation of
mucoperiosteal flap if indicated
D7220 removal of impacted tooth ‑ soft tissue 20% 50%
D7250 removal of residual tooth roots (cutting 20% 50%
procedure)
D9110 palliative treatment of dental pain – per N/A 20% 50%
visit
D2950 core buildup, including any pins when One procedure 50% 70%
required from this code
group per tooth
D2952 post and core in addition to crown, 50% 70%
every 5 years
indirectly fabricated
D2953 each additional indirectly fabricated 50% 70%
post ‑ same tooth
D2954 prefabricated post and core in addition 50% 70%
to crown
D2957 each additional prefabricated post ‑ 50% 70%
same tooth
D2740 crown ‑ porcelain/ceramic One procedure 50% 70%
from this code
D2750 crown ‑ porcelain fused to high noble 50% 70%
group per tooth
metal
every 5 years
D2751 crown ‑ porcelain fused to 50% 70%
predominantly base metal
D2752 crown ‑ porcelain fused to noble metal 50% 70%
D2753 crown ‑ porcelain fused to titanium and 50% 70%
titanium alloys
D2780 crown ‑ 3/4 cast high noble metal 50% 70%
D2781 crown ‑ 3/4 cast predominantly base 50% 70%
metal
D2782 crown ‑ 3/4 cast noble metal 50% 70%
D2783 crown ‑ 3/4 porcelain/ceramic 50% 70%
D2790 crown ‑ full cast high noble metal 50% 70%

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 85
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
CDT Description Frequency in‑network out‑of‑network
Code
D2791 crown ‑ full cast predominantly base 50% 70%
metal
D2792 crown ‑ full cast noble metal 50% 70%
D2980 crown repair necessitated by one per tooth per 50% 70%
restorative material failure calendar year
D4355 full mouth debridement to enable a one per lifetime 50% 70%
comprehensive periodontal evaluation
and diagnosis on a subsequent visit
D5110 complete denture ‑ maxillary One procedure 50% 70%
from this code
D5120 complete denture ‑ mandibular 50% 70%
group, including
D5130 immediate denture ‑ maxillary 50% 70%
D5877 and D5878,
D5140 immediate denture ‑ mandibular per arch every 5 50% 70%
years
D5211 maxillary partial denture – resin base One procedure 50% 70%
(including, retentive/clasping materials, from this code
rests, and teeth) group, per arch
every 5 years
D5212 mandibular partial denture – resin base 50% 70%
(including, retentive/clasping materials,
rests, and teeth)
D5213 maxillary partial denture ‑ cast metal 50% 70%
framework with resin denture bases
(including retentive/clasping materials,
rests and teeth)
D5214 mandibular partial denture ‑ cast metal 50% 70%
framework with resin denture bases
(including retentive/clasping materials,
rests and teeth)
D5225 maxillary partial denture ‑ flexible base 50% 70%
(including retentive/clasping materials,
rests, and teeth)
D5226 mandibular partial denture ‑ flexible 50% 70%
base (including retentive/clasping
materials, rests, and teeth)
D5282 removable unilateral partial denture – 50% 70%
one piece cast metal (including
retentive/clasping materials, rests, and
teeth), maxillary
D5283 removable unilateral partial denture – 50% 70%
one piece cast metal (including
retentive/clasping materials, rests, and
teeth), mandibular
D5284 removable unilateral partial denture – 50% 70%
one piece flexible base (including
retentive/clasping materials, rests, and
teeth) – per quadrant

86 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
CDT Description Frequency in‑network out‑of‑network
Code
D5286 removable unilateral partial denture – 50% 70%
one piece resin (including
retentive/clasping materials, rests, and
teeth) – per quadrant
D5410 adjust complete denture ‑ maxillary as needed 50% 70%
D5411 adjust complete denture ‑ mandibular 50% 70%
D5421 adjust partial denture ‑ maxillary 50% 70%
D5422 adjust partial denture ‑ mandibular 50% 70%
D5511 repair broken complete denture base, 50% 70%
mandibular
D5512 repair broken complete denture base, 50% 70%
maxillary
D5520 replace missing or broken teeth – 50% 70%
complete denture – per tooth
D5611 repair resin partial denture base, 50% 70%
mandibular
D5612 repair resin partial denture base, 50% 70%
maxillary
D5621 repair cast partial framework, 50% 70%
mandibular
D5622 repair cast partial framework, maxillary 50% 70%
D5630 repair or replace broken retentive 50% 70%
clasping materials – per tooth
D5640 replace missing or broken teeth – partial 50% 70%
denture – per tooth
D5650 add tooth to existing partial denture – 50% 70%
per tooth
D5660 add clasp to existing partial denture ‑ 50% 70%
per tooth
D5670 replace all teeth and acrylic on cast 50% 70%
metal framework (maxillary)
D5671 replace all teeth and acrylic on cast 50% 70%
metal framework (mandibular)
D5710 rebase complete maxillary denture 50% 70%
D5711 rebase complete mandibular denture 50% 70%
D5720 rebase maxillary partial denture 50% 70%
D5721 rebase mandibular partial denture 50% 70%
D5730 reline complete maxillary denture 50% 70%
(direct)
D5731 reline complete mandibular denture 50% 70%
(direct)
D5740 reline maxillary partial denture (direct) 50% 70%

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 87
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
CDT Description Frequency in‑network out‑of‑network
Code
D5741 reline mandibular partial denture 50% 70%
(direct)
D5750 reline complete maxillary denture 50% 70%
(indirect)
D5751 reline complete mandibular denture 50% 70%
(indirect)
D5760 reline maxillary partial denture 50% 70%
(indirect)
D5761 reline mandibular partial denture 50% 70%
(indirect)
D5876 add metal substructure to acrylic 50% 70%
complete denture ‑ per arch
D5877 duplication of complete denture ‑ One procedure 50% 70%
maxillary from this code
group including
D5878 duplication of complete denture ‑ 50% 70%
D5110, D5120,
mandibular
D5130, and D5140,
per arch every 5
years
D6980 fixed partial denture repair necessitated N/A 50% 70%
by restorative material failure
D6210 pontic ‑ cast high noble metal One procedure 50% 70%
from this code
D6211 pontic ‑ cast predominantly base metal 50% 70%
group per tooth
D6212 pontic ‑ cast noble metal 50% 70%
every 5 years
D6240 pontic ‑ porcelain fused to high noble 50% 70%
metal
D6241 pontic ‑ porcelain fused to 50% 70%
predominantly base metal
D6242 pontic ‑ porcelain fused to noble metal 50% 70%
D6243 pontic ‑ porcelain fused to titanium and 50% 70%
titanium alloys
D6245 pontic ‑ porcelain/ceramic 50% 70%
D6250 pontic ‑ resin with high noble metal 50% 70%
D6251 pontic ‑ resin with predominantly base 50% 70%
metal
D6252 pontic ‑ resin with noble metal 50% 70%
D6545 retainer ‑ cast metal for resin bonded One procedure 50% 70%
fixed prosthesis from this code
group per tooth
D6548 retainer ‑ porcelain/ceramic for resin 50% 70%
every 5 years
bonded fixed prosthesis
D6720 retainer crown ‑ resin with high noble 50% 70%
metal
D6721 retainer crown ‑ resin with 50% 70%
predominantly base metal

88 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
CDT Description Frequency in‑network out‑of‑network
Code
D6722 retainer crown ‑ resin with noble metal 50% 70%
D6740 retainer crown ‑ porcelain/ceramic 50% 70%
D6750 retainer crown ‑ porcelain fused to high 50% 70%
noble metal
D6751 retainer crown ‑ porcelain fused to 50% 70%
predominantly base metal
D6752 retainer crown ‑ porcelain fused to 50% 70%
noble metal
D6753 retainer crown ‑ porcelain fused to 50% 70%
titanium and titanium alloys
D6780 retainer crown ‑ 3/4 cast high noble 50% 70%
metal
D6781 retainer crown ‑ 3/4 cast predominantly 50% 70%
base metal
D6782 retainer crown ‑ 3/4 cast noble metal 50% 70%
D6783 retainer crown ‑ 3/4 porcelain/ceramic 50% 70%
D6784 retainer crown ¾ ‑ titanium and 50% 70%
titanium alloys
D6790 retainer crown ‑ full cast high noble 50% 70%
metal
D6791 retainer crown ‑ full cast predominantly 50% 70%
base metal
D6792 retainer crown ‑ full cast noble metal 50% 70%
D7230 removal of impacted tooth ‑ partially once extraction per 50% 70%
bony tooth per lifetime
D7240 removal of impacted tooth ‑ completely 50% 70%
bony
D7241 removal of impacted tooth ‑ completely 50% 70%
bony, with unusual surgical
complications
D9128 photobiomodulation therapy ‑ first 15 N/A 50% 70%
minute increment, or any portion
thereof
D9129 photobiomodulation therapy ‑ each N/A 50% 70%
subsequent 15 minute increment, or any
portion thereof
D9219 evaluation for moderate sedation, deep N/A 50% 70%
sedation or general anesthesia
D9222 administration of deep 50% 70%
sedation/general anesthesia – first 15
minute increment, or any portion
thereof

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 89
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
CDT Description Frequency in‑network out‑of‑network
Code
D9223 administration of deep 50% 70%
sedation/general anesthesia – each
subsequent 15 minute increment, or any
portion thereof
D9224 administration of general anesthesia 50% 70%
with advanced airway – first 15 minute
increment, or any portion thereof
D9225 administration of general anesthesia 50% 70%
with advanced airway – each
subsequent 15 minute increment, or any
portion thereof
D9239 administration of moderate sedation – 50% 70%
intravenous ‑ first 15 minute increment,
or any portion thereof
D9243 administration of moderate sedation – 50% 70%
intravenous ‑ each subsequent 15
minute increment, or any portion
thereof
D9246 administration of moderate sedation – 50% 70%
non‑intravenous parenteral – first 15
minute increment, or any portion
thereof
D9247 administration of moderate sedation – 50% 70%
non‑intravenous parenteral – each
subsequent 15 minute increment, or any
portion thereof
D9613 infiltration of sustained release 50% 70%
therapeutic drug, per quadrant
Out‑of‑pocket costs
You will be responsible for payment of services and charges billed by a provider that exceed coverage
limitations. You may also be required to pay your cost share at the time of service. Billing arrangements
are between you and the provider. In addition, if you obtain services from a dental provider that is not part
of our network, you may be required to pay up to the cost of the service at the time services are provided.
And then submit for reimbursement. The reimbursement request will be reviewed and a decision will be
made based upon the information provided. Reimbursement is not guaranteed. You can submit a Medical
Member Reimbursement Form to Aetna Medicare, PO Box 981106, El Paso, TX 79998‑1106. You can get
this form by calling Member Services or you can fill out and submit the form online at
AetnaMedicare.com/forms. In addition, if you obtain services from a dental provider that is not part of
our network, you will be responsible for payment of the full cost of the services.
Limitations & Exclusions
1. Coverage is limited to the services and service frequencies listed in the Schedule of Benefits. If a
service is not listed, it is not covered.
2. Any dental services received outside of the U.S. or U.S. territories are not covered under the
supplemental dental benefit.
3. Fees related to missed appointments, preparing or copying dental reports, duplication of x rays,
itemized bills or claim forms are not covered.

90 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
4. Treatment for injuries or conditions covered by Workers’ Compensation or employer liability laws,
and treatment provided without cost to you by any municipality, county, or other political subdivision
is not covered.
5. Treatment as a result of civil insurrection, duty as a member of the armed forces of any state or
country, engaging in an act of declared or undeclared war, intentional or unintentional nuclear
explosion or other release of nuclear energy, whether in peacetime or wartime, is not covered.
6. Any treatment covered under an individual or group medical plan, auto insurance, no fault auto
insurance or uninsured motorist policy, to the extent permitted by federal or state statute, is not
covered.
7. Orthodontic and all orthodontic related services are not covered
8. Implants and all implant related services are not covered
9. Maxillofacial prosthetics are not covered
10. Dental services performed for cosmetic and/or aesthetic reasons are not covered
11. Tooth bleaching and/or enamel microabrasion services are not covered
12. Unspecified services by report (Dental codes: D##99) are not covered
13. Dental services related to temporomandibular joint syndrome (TMJ) are not covered, unless the
related dental code is listed in the schedule of benefits
14. Elective services are not covered
15. General anesthesia or conscious sedation is not a covered service unless it is based on clinical
review of documentation provided and administered by a dentist or health care practitioner in
conjunction with covered oral surgical procedures, periodontal and osseous surgical procedures, or
periarticular surgical procedures for covered services.
16. Altering vertical dimension of teeth, or restoration/maintenance of occlusion including bite
registration or bite analysis are not covered.
17. Splinting teeth, including multiple abutments, or any services to stabilize periodontally weakened
teeth are not covered.
18. Replacing tooth structures lost as a result of abrasion, attrition, erosion or abfraction are not
covered.
19. Plan frequency limitations will still apply when there is a replacement of a device or appliance that is
lost, missing, stolen, or damaged due to abuse, misuse or neglect.
20. Dental procedures are only covered when performed by a dentist licensed in the US or any US
territory.
21. Periodontal maintenance is not covered unless there is a history of scaling and root planing or
surgical periodontal therapy.
22. Denture adjustments performed within 6 months of denture placement/installation, reline, or rebase
are not covered.
23. Denture reline and rebase, if listed as covered in your schedule of benefits, performed within 6
months following the placement of a complete or immediate denture are not covered.
24. Tissue conditioning performed within 6 months of denture placement, reline, or rebase are not
covered.
25. For covered dental procedures listed in your schedule of benefits, the treatment date for billing
purposes is defined by completion of specific procedures.
For removable dentures (complete and partial), this is the delivery date. For inlays, onlays, crowns,
veneers and bridges, it's the date of final cementation. For root canals, it's the date the final fill is
placed.
26. Procedures that are considered experimental, investigational or unproven are not covered. This
includes pharmacological regimens not accepted by the American Dental Association Council on
dental therapeutics.
27. If this policy is terminated or the covered dental services for this plan change, this plan will not cover
ongoing care or treatment. This includes all multi‑appointment procedures.
28. Services and supplies provided in connection with treatment or care that is not covered under the
plan are not covered.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 91
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
Medical Necessity
Your plan covers clinically appropriate dental care services. This is a requirement for you to receive a
covered benefit under this plan. Dental care services that we determine a provider using prudent clinical
judgment would provide to a patient for the purpose of preventing, evaluating, diagnosing or treating an
illness, injury, disease or its symptoms, and that we determine are:
1. Clinically appropriate, in terms of type, frequency, extent, site and duration, and considered
effective for the patient’s illness, injury or disease
2. Not primarily for the convenience of the patient, dentist, or other health care provider
3. Not more costly than an alternative service or sequence of services at least as likely to produce the
same benefit or diagnostic results for the diagnosis or treatment of that patient’s illness, injury or
disease.
Medical necessity is determined using criteria that are:
• Consistent with generally accepted standards of medical and dental practice
• Based on evidence from peer‑reviewed literature and clinical guidelines
• Applied uniformly and without regard to cost considerations
Alternate Benefits
The alternate benefit provision applies when more than one dental service is suitable to treat a dental
condition. In these cases, Aetna will cover the lower‑cost treatment option (alternate benefit). That means
you are responsible for any coinsurance amounts applicable to the alternate benefit, plus any difference in
cost between the alternate benefit and the actual service received. To ensure you understand your
treatment options and costs, you can work with your dental provider to submit an advance claim review.
An advance claim review
The purpose of an advance claim review is to provide an estimate, of what we may pay for proposed
services. Knowing ahead of time which services are eligible dental services and what your plan may pay
helps you and your dentist make informed decisions about the care you are considering. The estimate is
not a guarantee of coverage and payment. In estimating the amount of benefits payable, we will look at
alternate procedures, services, or courses of treatment for the dental condition in question in order to
meet the expected result. The estimate is voluntary.
When to get an advance claim review
To understand your cost share for a course of dental treatment you can request an advance claim review.
Here are the steps for getting an advance claim review:
1. Ask your dentist to write down a full description of the treatment you need. They must either use an
Aetna claim form or an American Dental Association (ADA) approved claim form.
2. Your dentist should send the form to us before treating you.
3. We may request supporting images and other diagnostic records.
4. Once all of the information has been gathered, we will review the proposed treatment plan and
provide you and your dentist with a statement outlining the estimated benefits payable and your
out‑of‑pocket costs.
5. You and your dentist can then decide how to proceed.
What is a course of dental treatment? A course of dental treatment is a planned program of one or more
services or supplies. The services or supplies are provided by one or more dentists to treat a dental
condition that was diagnosed by the attending dentist as a result of an oral examination. A course of
treatment starts on the date your dentist first renders a service to correct or treat the diagnosed dental
condition.

92 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
Section 2.1 Get care using our plan’s optional visitor/traveler benefit
When you are continuously absent from our plan’s service area for more than 6 months, we usually must
disenroll you from our plan. However, we offer as a supplemental benefit a visitor/traveler program that is
available within the United States (except California) that will allow you to stay enrolled in our plan when
you’re in the visitor/traveler area and outside of our plan’s service area for up to 12 months. This program
is available to all Aetna Medicare Select (HMO‑POS) members who are temporarily in the visitor/traveler
area and outside our plan’s service area. Under our visitor/traveler program you can get all plan‑covered
services at in‑network cost sharing when you see a network provider. You must select a PCP in the
visitor/traveler area in order for services to be covered. In most cases, non‑urgent/non‑emergency care
you receive from an out‑of‑network provider (a provider who is not an Aetna Medicare provider) will not
be covered (See Chapter 3, Section 2.4 for more information). Contact our plan for help in locating a
provider when using the visitor/traveler benefit.
If you’re in the visitor/traveler area and outside the plan’s service area, you can stay enrolled in our plan for
up to 12 months. If you don’t return to our plan’s service area within 12 months, you'll be disenrolled from
the plan. Please be sure to notify us when you will be out of our plan’s service area for more than 6 months.
SECTION 3 Services that aren't covered by our plan (exclusions)
This section tells you what services are excluded from Medicare coverage and therefore, aren’t covered
by this plan.
The chart below lists services and items that either aren’t covered under any condition or are covered only
under specific conditions.
If you get services that are excluded (not covered), you must pay for them yourself, except under the
specific conditions listed below. Even if you get the excluded services at an emergency facility, the
excluded services are still not covered and our plan won’t pay for them. The only exception is if the service
is appealed and decided upon appeal to be a medical service that we should have paid for or covered
because of your specific situation. (For information about appealing a decision we made to not cover a
medical service, go to Chapter 9, Section 5.3.)
Services not covered by Covered only under specific conditions
Medicare
Acupuncture
• Available for people with chronic low back pain under certain
circumstances.
• Our plan provides some additional coverage for acupuncture as
described in the Medical Benefits Chart.
Cosmetic surgery or
procedures • Covered in cases of an accidental injury or for improvement of the
functioning of a malformed body member.
• Covered for all stages of reconstruction for a breast after a
mastectomy, as well as for the unaffected breast to produce a
symmetrical appearance.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 93
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
Services not covered by Covered only under specific conditions
Medicare
Custodial care Not covered under any condition.
Custodial care is personal care
that doesn’t require the
continuing attention of trained
medical or paramedical
personnel, such as care that
helps you with activities of
daily living, such as bathing or
dressing.
Experimental medical and
surgical procedures, • May be covered by Original Medicare under a Medicare‑approved
equipment and medications. clinical research study or by our plan.
• (Go to Chapter 3, Section 5 for more information on clinical
Experimental procedures and research studies.)
items are those items and
procedures determined by
Original Medicare to not be
generally accepted by the
medical community.
Fees charged for care by Not covered under any condition.
your immediate relatives or
members of your household.
Full‑time nursing care in your Not covered under any condition.
home.
Home‑delivered meals Not covered under any condition.
Homemaker services include Not covered under any condition.
basic household help,
including light housekeeping
or light meal preparation.
Naturopath services (uses Not covered under any condition.
natural or alternative
treatments).
Non‑routine dental care
• Dental care required to treat illness or injury may be covered as
inpatient or outpatient care.
Orthopedic shoes or
supportive devices for the • Shoes that are part of a leg brace and are included in the cost of
feet the brace. Orthopedic or therapeutic shoes for people with diabetic
foot disease.
Personal items in your room Not covered under any condition.
at a hospital or a skilled
nursing facility, such as a
telephone or a television.

94 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 4. Medical Benefits Chart (what's covered and what you pay)
Services not covered by Covered only under specific conditions
Medicare
Private room in a hospital
• Covered only when medically necessary.
Reversal of sterilization Not covered under any condition.
procedures and or
non‑prescription
contraceptive supplies.
Routine chiropractic care
• Manual manipulation of the spine to correct a subluxation is
covered.
Routine dental care, such as
cleanings, fillings or • Our plan provides some coverage for dental services as described
dentures. in the Medical Benefits Chart.
Routine eye examinations,
eyeglasses, radial • One pair of eyeglasses with standard frames (or one set of contact
keratotomy, LASIK surgery, lenses) covered after each cataract surgery that implants an
and other low vision aids. intraocular lens.
• Routine eye exams: Our plan provides some coverage for routine
eye exams as described in the Medical Benefits Chart.
• Eyewear: Our plan provides some additional coverage for eyewear
as described in the Medical Benefits Chart.
Routine foot care
• Our plan provides some coverage for routine foot care as
described in the Medical Benefits Chart.
Routine hearing exams,
hearing aids, or exams to fit • Routine hearing exams: Our plan provides some coverage for
hearing aids. routine hearing exams as described in the Medical Benefits Chart.
• Hearing aid fitting and evaluations: Our plan provides some
coverage for hearing aid fitting and evaluations as described in the
Medical Benefits Chart.
• Hearing aids: Our plan provides some coverage for hearing aids as
described in the Medical Benefits Chart.
Services considered not Not covered under any condition.
reasonable and necessary,
according to Original
Medicare standards

CHAPTER 5:
Using plan coverage for Part D drugs
SECTION 1 Basic rules for our plan’s Part D drug coverage
Go to the Medical Benefits Chart in Chapter 4 for Medicare Part B drug benefits and hospice drug benefits.
Our plan will generally cover your drugs as long as you follow these rules:
• You must have a provider (a doctor, dentist, or other prescriber) write you a prescription, that’s valid
under applicable state law.
• Your prescriber must not be on Medicare’s Exclusion or Preclusion Lists.
• You generally must use a network pharmacy to fill your prescription. (Go to Section 2.) Or you can fill
your prescription through our plan’s mail‑order service.
• Your drug must be on our plan’s Drug List (Go to Section 3.)
• Your drug must be used for a medically accepted indication. A "medically accepted indication" is a
use of the drug that’s either approved by the FDA or supported by certain references. (Go to Section
3 for more information about a medically accepted indication.)
• Your drug may require approval from our plan based on certain criteria before we agree to cover it.
(Go to Section 4 for more information.)
SECTION 2 Fill your prescription at a network pharmacy or through our plan’s mail‑order
service
In most cases, your prescriptions are covered only if they’re filled at our plan’s network pharmacies. (Go to
Section 2.4 for information about when we cover prescriptions filled at out‑of‑network pharmacies.)
A network pharmacy is a pharmacy that has a contract with our plan to provide your covered drugs. The
term “covered drugs” means all the Part D drugs that are on our plan’s Drug List.
Section 2.1 Network pharmacies
Find a network pharmacy in your area
To find a network pharmacy, go to your Provider & Pharmacy Directory, visit our website
(AetnaMedicare.com/findpharmacy), and/or call Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users call
711).
You may go to any of our network pharmacies. Some network pharmacies provide preferred cost sharing,
which may be lower than the cost sharing at a pharmacy that offers standard cost sharing. The Provider &
Pharmacy Directory will tell you which network pharmacies offer preferred cost sharing. Contact us to find
out more about how your out‑of‑pocket costs could vary for different drugs.
If your pharmacy leaves the network
If the pharmacy you use leaves our plan’s network, you’ll have to find a new pharmacy in the network. If
the pharmacy you use stays in our network but no longer offers preferred cost sharing, you may want to
switch to a different network or preferred pharmacy, if available. To find another pharmacy in your area,
call Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users call 711) or use the Provider & Pharmacy Directory.
You can also find information on our website at AetnaMedicare.com/findpharmacy.
Specialized pharmacies
Some prescriptions must be filled at a specialized pharmacy. Specialized pharmacies include:

96 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 5. Using plan coverage for Part D drugs
• Pharmacies that supply drugs for home infusion therapy.
• Pharmacies that supply drugs for residents of a long‑term care (LTC) facility. Usually, a LTC facility
(such as a nursing home) has its own pharmacy. If you have difficulty getting Part D drugs in an LTC
facility, call Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users call 711).
• Pharmacies that serve the Indian Health Service / Tribal / Urban Indian Health Program (not
available in Puerto Rico). Except in emergencies, only Native Americans or Alaska Natives have
access to these pharmacies in our network.
• Pharmacies that dispense drugs restricted by the FDA to certain locations or that require special
handling, provider coordination, or education on their use. To locate a specialized pharmacy, go to
your Provider & Pharmacy Directory (AetnaMedicare.com/findpharmacy) or call Member Services
at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users call 711).
Section 2.2 Our plan’s mail‑order service
For certain kinds of drugs, you can use our plan’s network mail‑order service. Generally, the drugs
provided through mail‑order are drugs you take on a regular basis, for a chronic or long‑term medical
condition. These drugs are marked as “MO” in our Drug List.
Our plan’s mail‑order service allows you to order up to a 100‑day supply.
To get order forms and information about filling your prescriptions by mail, please visit our website
(AetnaMedicare.com/MailOrder) or contact Member Services. Note: you must have a method of
payment on file.
Usually, a mail‑order pharmacy order will be delivered to you in no more than 10 days. If the mail‑order
pharmacy expects the order to be delayed, they will notify you of the delay. If you need to request a rush
order because of a mail‑order delay, you may contact Member Services to discuss options which may
include filling at a local retail pharmacy or expediting the shipping method. Provide the representative with
your ID number and prescription number(s). If you want second‑day or next‑day delivery of your
medications, you may request this from the Member Services representative for an additional charge.
New prescriptions the pharmacy gets directly from your doctor’s office.
The pharmacy will automatically fill and deliver new prescriptions it gets from health care providers,
without checking with you first, if either:
• You used mail‑order services with this plan in the past, or
• You sign up for automatic delivery of all new prescriptions received directly from health care
providers. You can ask for automatic delivery of all new prescriptions now or at any time by
continuing to have your doctor send us your prescriptions. No special request is needed. Or you may
contact Member Services to restart automatic deliveries if you previously stopped automatic
deliveries.
If you get a prescription automatically by mail that you don’t want, and you were not contacted to see if
you wanted it before it shipped, you may be eligible for a refund.
If you used mail‑order in the past and don’t want the pharmacy to automatically fill and ship each new
prescription, contact us by calling Member Services.
If you never used our mail‑order delivery and/or decide to stop automatic fills of new prescriptions, the
pharmacy will contact you each time it gets a new prescription from a health care provider to see if you
want the medication filled and shipped immediately. It’s important to respond each time you’re contacted
by the pharmacy to let them know whether to ship, delay, or cancel the new prescription.
To opt out of automatic deliveries of new prescriptions received directly from your health care provider's

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 97
Chapter 5. Using plan coverage for Part D drugs
office, contact us by calling Member Services.
Refills on mail‑order prescriptions. For refills of your drugs, you have the option to sign up for an
automatic refill program. Under this program we start to process your next refill automatically when our
records show you should be close to running out of your drug. The pharmacy will contact you before
shipping each refill to make sure you need more medication, and you can cancel scheduled refills if you
have enough medication or your medication has changed.
If you choose not to use our auto‑refill program but still want the mail‑order pharmacy to send you your
prescription, contact your pharmacy 15 days before your current prescription will run out. This will ensure
your order is shipped to you in time.
To opt out of our program that automatically prepares mail‑order refills, contact us by calling Member
Services.
If you get a refill automatically by mail that you don’t want, you may be eligible for a refund.
Section 2.3 How to get a long‑term supply of drugs
When you get a long‑term supply of drugs, your cost sharing may be lower. Our plan offers 2 ways to get a
long‑term supply (also called an extended supply) of maintenance drugs on our plan’s Drug List (for tiers
1‑4). (Maintenance drugs are drugs you take on a regular basis, for a chronic or long‑term medical
condition.)
1. Some retail pharmacies in our network allow you to get a long‑term supply of maintenance drugs.
Your Provider & Pharmacy Directory (AetnaMedicare.com/findpharmacy) tells you which
pharmacies in our network can give you a long‑term supply of maintenance drugs. You can also call
Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users call 711) for more information.
2. You can also get maintenance drugs through our mail‑order program. Go to Section 2.2 for more
information.
Section 2.4 Using a pharmacy that's not in our plan’s network
Generally, we cover drugs filled at an out‑of‑network pharmacy only when you aren’t able to use a
network pharmacy. We also have network pharmacies outside of our service area where you can get
prescriptions filled as a member of our plan. Check first with Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY
users call 711) to see if there's a network pharmacy nearby.
We cover prescriptions filled at an out‑of‑network pharmacy only in these circumstances:
• The prescription is for a medical emergency or urgent care.
• You are unable to get a covered drug in a time of need because there are no 24‑hour network
pharmacies within a reasonable driving distance.
• The prescription is for a drug that is out‑of‑stock at an accessible network retail or mail‑order
pharmacy (including high‑cost and unique drugs).
• If you are evacuated or otherwise displaced from your home because of a Federal disaster or other
public health emergency declaration.
Even if we do cover the drugs you get at an out‑of‑network pharmacy, you may still pay more than you
would have paid if you had gone to an in‑network pharmacy.
If you do need to go to an out‑of‑network pharmacy for any of the reasons listed above, the plan will cover
up to a 10‑day supply of drugs.
If you must use an out‑of‑network pharmacy, you’ll generally have to pay the full cost (rather than your

98 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 5. Using plan coverage for Part D drugs
normal cost share) at the time you fill your prescription. You can ask us to reimburse you for our share of
the cost. (Go to Chapter 7, Section 2 for information on how to ask our plan to pay you back.) You may be
required to pay the difference between what you pay for the drug at the out‑of‑network pharmacy and the
cost we would cover at an in‑network pharmacy.
SECTION 3 Your drugs need to be on our plan’s Drug List
Section 3.1 The Drug List tells which Part D drugs are covered
Our plan has a List of Covered Drugs (formulary). In this Evidence of Coverage, we call it the Drug List.
The drugs on this list are selected by our plan with the help of doctors and pharmacists. The list meets
Medicare’s requirements and has been approved by Medicare. The Drug List only shows drugs covered
under Medicare Part D.
We generally cover a drug on our plan’s Drug List as long as you follow the other coverage rules explained
in this chapter and use of the drug for a medically accepted indication. A medically accepted indication is
a use of the drug that’s either:
• Approved by the FDA for the diagnosis or condition for which it’s being prescribed, or
• Supported by certain references, such as the American Hospital Formulary Service Drug Information
and the Micromedex DRUGDEX Information System.
The Drug List includes brand name drugs, generic drugs, and biological products (which may include
biosimilars).
A brand name drug is a prescription drug that’s sold under a trademarked name owned by the drug
manufacturer. Biological products are drugs that are more complex than typical drugs. On the Drug List,
when we refer to drugs, this could mean a drug or a biological product.
A generic drug is a prescription drug that has the same active ingredients as the brand name drug.
Biological products have alternatives called biosimilars. Generally, generics and biosimilars work just as
well as the brand name drug or original biological product and usually cost less. There are generic drug
substitutes available for many brand name drugs and biosimilar alternatives for some original biological
products. Some biosimilars are interchangeable biosimilars and, depending on state law, may be
substituted for the original biological product at the pharmacy without needing a new prescription, just like
generic drugs can be substituted for brand name drugs.
Go to Chapter 12 for definitions of types of drugs that may be on the Drug List.
Drugs that aren’t on the Drug List
Our plan doesn’t cover all prescription drugs.
• In some cases, the law doesn’t allow any Medicare plan to cover certain types of drugs. (For more
information, go to Section 7).
• In other cases, we decided not to include a particular drug on the Drug List.
• In some cases, you may be able to get a drug that isn’t on our Drug List. (For more information, go to
Chapter 9.)
Section 3.2 5 cost‑sharing tiers for drugs on the Drug List
Every drug on our plan’s Drug List is in one of 5 cost‑sharing tiers. In general, the higher the tier, the higher
your cost for the drug:

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 99
Chapter 5. Using plan coverage for Part D drugs
• Tier 1: Preferred Generic
Many common lower cost generic drugs.
• Tier 2: Generic
Higher cost generic drugs.
• Tier 3: Preferred Brand
Many common brand name drugs and some higher cost generic drugs.
• Tier 4: Non‑Preferred Drug
Higher cost brand name and generic drugs for which a lower cost alternative is often available.
• Tier 5: Specialty
High‑cost brand and generic drugs meeting Medicare’s definition of a specialty drug.
To find out which cost‑sharing tier your drug is in, look it up in our plan’s Drug List. The amount you pay for
drugs in each cost‑sharing tier is shown in Chapter 6.
Section 3.3 How to find out if a specific drug is on the Drug List
To find out if a drug is on our Drug List, you have these options:
• Check the most recent Drug List we provided electronically.
• Visit our plan’s website (AetnaMedicare.com/formulary). The Drug List on the website is always
the most current.
• Call Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users call 711) to find out if a particular drug is on our
plan’s Drug List or ask for a copy of the list.
• Use our plan’s “Real‑Time Benefit Tool” (AetnaMedicare.com) to search for drugs on the Drug List
to get an estimate of what you'll pay and see if there are alternative drugs on the Drug List that could
treat the same condition. You can also call Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users call 711).
SECTION 4 Drugs with restrictions on coverage
Section 4.1 Why some drugs have restrictions
For certain prescription drugs, special rules restrict how and when our plan covers them. A team of
doctors and pharmacists developed these rules to encourage you and your provider to use drugs in the
most effective way. To find out if any of these restrictions apply to a drug you take or want to take, check
the Drug List.
If a safe, lower‑cost drug will work just as well medically as a higher‑cost drug, our plan’s rules are
designed to encourage you and your provider to use that lower‑cost option.
Note that sometimes a drug may appear more than once in our Drug List. This is because the same drugs
can differ based on the strength, amount, or form of the drug prescribed by your health care provider, and
different restrictions or cost sharing may apply to the different versions of the drug (for example, 10 mg
versus 100 mg; one per day versus 2 per day; tablet versus liquid).
Section 4.2 Types of restrictions
If there’s a restriction for your drug, it usually means that you or your provider have to take extra
steps for us to cover the drug. Call Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users call 711) to learn
what you or your provider can do to get coverage for the drug. If you want us to waive the restriction for
you, you need to use the coverage decision process and ask us to make an exception. We may or may
not agree to waive the restriction for you. (Go to Chapter 9.)
Getting plan approval in advance

100 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 5. Using plan coverage for Part D drugs
For certain drugs, you or your provider need to get approval from our plan based on specific criteria
before we agree to cover the drug for you. This is called prior authorization. This is put in place to ensure
medication safety and help guide appropriate use of certain drugs. If you don't get this approval, your drug
might not be covered by our plan. Our plan's prior authorization criteria can be obtained by calling
Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users call 711) or on our website at
AetnaMedicare.com/formulary.
Trying a different drug first
This requirement encourages you to try less costly but usually just as effective drugs before our plan
covers another drug. For example, if Drug A and Drug B treat the same medical condition, our plan may
require you to try Drug A first. If Drug A doesn't work for you, our plan will then cover Drug B. This
requirement to try a different drug first is called step therapy. Our plan's step therapy criteria can be
obtained by calling Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users call 711) or on our website at
AetnaMedicare.com/formulary.
Quantity limits
For certain drugs, we limit how much of a drug you can get each time you fill your prescription. For
example, if it’s normally considered safe to take only one pill per day for a certain drug, we may limit
coverage for your prescription to no more than one pill per day.
SECTION 5 What you can do if one of your drugs isn’t covered the way you’d like
There are situations where a prescription drug you take, or that you and your provider think you should
take, that isn’t on our Drug List or has restrictions. For example:
• The drug might not be covered at all. Or a generic version of the drug may be covered but the brand
name version you want to take isn’t covered.
• The drug is covered, but there are extra rules or restrictions on coverage.
• The drug is covered, but in a cost‑sharing tier that makes your cost sharing more expensive than
you think it should be.
If your drug is in a cost‑sharing tier that makes your cost more expensive than you think it should be,
go to Section 5.1 to learn what you can do.
If your drug isn’t on the Drug List or is restricted, here are options for what you can do:
• You may be able to get a temporary supply of the drug.
• You can change to another drug.
• You can ask for an exception and ask our plan to cover our drug or remove restrictions from the
drug.
You may be able to get a temporary supply
Under certain circumstances, our plan must provide a temporary supply of a drug you’re already taking.
This temporary supply gives you time to talk with your provider about the change.
To be eligible for a temporary supply, the drug you take must no longer be on our plan’s Drug List OR is
now restricted in some way.
• If you’re a new member, we’ll cover a temporary supply of your drug during the first 90 days of
your membership in our plan.
• If you were in our plan last year, we’ll cover a temporary supply of your drug during the first 90
days of the calendar year.
• This temporary supply will be for a maximum of a 30‑day supply. If your prescription is written for

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 101
Chapter 5. Using plan coverage for Part D drugs
fewer days, we’ll allow multiple fills to provide up to a maximum of a 30‑day supply of medication.
The prescription must be filled at a network pharmacy. (Note that a long‑term care pharmacy may
provide the drug in smaller amounts at a time to prevent waste.)
• For members who’ve been in our plan for more than 90 days and live in a long‑term care facility
and need a supply right away:
We’ll cover one 31‑day emergency supply of a particular drug, or less if your prescription is written
for fewer days. This is in addition to the above temporary supply.
• If you experience a change in your setting of care (such as being discharged or admitted to a
long‑term care facility), your physician or pharmacy can request a temporary supply of the drug.
This temporary supply (up to 31 days) will allow you time to talk with your doctor about the change in
coverage.
For questions about a temporary supply, call Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users call 711).
During the time when you’re using a temporary supply of a drug, you should talk with your provider to
decide what to do when your temporary supply runs out. You have 2 options:
Option 1. You can change to another drug
Talk with your provider about whether a different drug covered by our plan may work just as well for you.
Call Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users call 711) to ask for a list of covered drugs that treat
the same medical condition. This list can help your provider find a covered drug that might work for you.
Option 2. You can ask for an exception
You and your provider can ask our plan to make an exception and cover the drug in the way you’d like
it covered. If your provider says you have medical reasons that justify asking us for an exception, your
provider can help you ask for an exception. For example, you can ask our plan to cover a drug even
though it’s not on our plan’s Drug List. Or you can ask our plan to make an exception and cover the drug
without restrictions.
If you’re a current member and a drug you take will be removed from the formulary or restricted in some
way for next year, we’ll tell you about any change before the new year. You can ask for an exception
before next year and we’ll give you an answer within 72 hours after we get your request (or your
prescriber’s supporting statement). If we approve your request, we’ll authorize coverage for the drug
before the change takes effect.
If you and your provider want to ask for an exception, go to Chapter 9, Section 6.4 to learn what to do.
It explains the procedures and deadlines set by Medicare to make sure your request is handled promptly
and fairly.
Section 5.1 What to do if your drug is in a cost‑sharing tier you think is too high
If your drug is in a cost‑sharing tier you think is too high, here are things you can do:
You can change to another drug
If your drug is in a cost‑sharing tier you think is too high, talk to your provider. There may be a different
drug in a lower cost‑sharing tier that might work just as well for you. Call Member Services at
1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users call 711) to ask for a list of covered drugs that treat the same medical
condition. This list can help your provider find a covered drug that might work for you.
You can ask for an exception
You and your provider can ask our plan to make an exception in the cost‑sharing tier for the drug so
that you pay less for it. If your provider says you have medical reasons that justify asking us for an
exception, your provider can help you ask for an exception to the rule.

102 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 5. Using plan coverage for Part D drugs
If you and your provider want to ask for an exception, go to Chapter 9, Section 6.4 for what to do. It
explains the procedures and deadlines set by Medicare to make sure your request is handled promptly
and fairly.
Drugs on our Specialty (Tier 5) aren’t eligible for this type of exception. We don’t lower the cost‑sharing
amount for drugs in this tier.
SECTION 6 Our Drug List can change during the year
Most changes in drug coverage happen at the beginning of each year (January 1). However, during the
year, our plan can make some changes to the Drug List. For example, our plan might:
• Add or remove drugs from the Drug List.
• Move a drug to a higher or lower cost‑sharing tier.
• Add or remove a restriction on coverage for a drug.
• Replace a brand name drug with a generic version of the drug.
• Replace an original biological product with an interchangeable biosimilar version of the
biological product.
We must follow Medicare requirements before we change our plan’s Drug List.
Information on changes to drug coverage
When changes to the Drug List occur, we post information on our website about those changes. We also
update our online Drug List regularly. Sometimes you’ll get direct notice if changes are made to a drug
that you take.
Changes to drug coverage that affect you during this plan year
• Adding new drugs to the Drug List and immediately removing or making changes to a like drug
on the Drug List.
When adding a new version of a drug to the Drug List, we may immediately remove a like drug
○
from the Drug List, move the like drug to a different cost‑sharing tier, add new restrictions, or
both. The new version of the drug will be on the same or a lower cost‑sharing tier and with the
same or fewer restrictions.
We’ll make these immediate changes only if we add a new generic version of a brand name or
○
add certain new biosimilar versions of an original biological product that was already on the
Drug List.
We may make these changes immediately and tell you later, even if you take the drug that we
○
remove or make changes to. If you take the like drug at the time we make the change, we’ll tell
you about any specific change we made.
• Adding drugs to the Drug List and removing or making changes to a like drug on the Drug List.
When adding another version of a drug to the Drug List, we may remove a like drug from the
○
Drug List, move it to a different cost‑sharing tier, add new restrictions, or both. The version of
the drug that we add will be on the same or a lower cost‑sharing tier and with the same or
fewer restrictions.
We’ll make these changes only if we add a new generic version of a brand name drug or add
○
certain new biosimilar versions of an original biological product that was already on the Drug
List.
We’ll tell you at least 30 days before we make the change, or tell you about the change and
○
cover a 30‑day fill of the version of the drug you’re taking.
• Removing unsafe drugs and other drugs on the Drug List that are withdrawn from the market
Sometimes a drug may be deemed unsafe or taken off the market for another reason. If this
○

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 103
Chapter 5. Using plan coverage for Part D drugs
happens, we may immediately remove the drug from the Drug List. If you take that drug, we’ll
tell you after we make the change.
• Making other changes to drugs on the Drug List
We may make other changes once the year has started that affect drugs you are taking. For
○
example, based on FDA boxed warnings or new clinical guidelines recognized by Medicare.
We’ll tell you at least 30 days before we make these changes or tell you about the change and
○
cover an additional 30‑day fill of the drug you’re taking.
If we make any of these changes to any of the drugs you take, talk with your prescriber about the options
that would work best for you, including changing to a different drug to treat your condition, or ask for a
coverage decision to satisfy any new restrictions on the drug you are taking. You or your prescriber can
ask us for an exception to continue covering the drug or version of the drug you have been taking. For
more information on how to ask for a coverage decision, including an exception, go to Chapter 9.
Changes to the Drug List that don’t affect you during this plan year
We may make certain changes to the Drug List that aren’t described above. In these cases, the change
won’t apply to you if you’re taking the drug when the change is made; however, these changes will likely
affect you starting January 1 of the next plan year if you stay in the same plan.
In general, changes that won’t affect you during the current plan year are:
• We move your drug into a higher cost‑sharing tier.
• We put a new restriction on the use of your drug.
• We remove your drug from the Drug List.
If any of these changes happen for a drug you take (except for market withdrawal, a generic drug
replacing a brand name drug, or other change noted in the sections above), the change won’t affect your
use or what you pay as your share of the cost until January 1 of the next year.
We won’t tell you about these types of changes directly during the current plan year. You’ll need to check
the Drug List for the next plan year (when the list is available during the open enrollment period) to see if
there are any changes to drugs you take that will impact you during the next plan year.
SECTION 7 Types of drugs we don't cover
Some kinds of prescription drugs are excluded. This means Medicare doesn’t pay for these drugs.
If you get drugs that are excluded, you must pay for them yourself. If you appeal and the requested drug is
found not to be excluded under Part D, we’ll pay for or cover it. (For information about appealing a
decision, go to Chapter 9.)
Here are 3 general rules about drugs that Medicare drug plans won’t cover under Part D:
• Our plan’s Part D drug coverage can’t cover a drug that would be covered under Medicare Part A or
Part B.
• Our plan can’t cover a drug purchased outside the United States or its territories.
• Our plan can’t cover off‑label use of a drug when the use isn’t supported by certain references, such
as the American Hospital Formulary Service Drug Information and the Micromedex DRUGDEX
Information System. Off‑label use is any use of the drug other than those indicated on a drug’s label
as approved by the FDA.
In addition, by law, the following categories of drugs aren’t covered by Medicare drug plans:

104 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 5. Using plan coverage for Part D drugs
• Non‑prescription drugs (also called over‑the‑counter drugs).
• Drugs used to promote fertility.
• Drugs used for the relief of cough or cold symptoms.
• Drugs used for cosmetic purposes or to promote hair growth.
• Prescription vitamins and mineral products, except prenatal vitamins and fluoride preparations.
• Drugs used for the treatment of sexual or erectile dysfunction.
• Drugs used for treatment of anorexia, weight loss, or weight gain.
• Outpatient drugs for which the manufacturer requires associated tests or monitoring services be
purchased only from the manufacturer as a condition of sale.
If you get Extra Help to pay for your prescriptions, Extra Help won’t pay for drugs that aren’t normally
covered. If you have drug coverage through Medicaid, your state Medicaid program may cover some
prescription drugs not normally covered in a Medicare drug plan. Contact your state Medicaid program to
determine what drug coverage may be available to you. (Find phone numbers and contact information for
Medicaid in Appendix A at the back of this document.)
SECTION 8 How to fill a prescription
To fill your prescription, provide our plan membership information (which can be found on your
membership card) at the network pharmacy you choose. The network pharmacy will automatically bill our
plan for our share of your drug cost. You need to pay the pharmacy your share of the cost when you pick
up your prescription.
If you don’t have our plan membership information with you, you or the pharmacy can call our plan to get
the information, or you can ask the pharmacy to look up our plan enrollment information.
If the pharmacy can’t get the necessary information, you may have to pay the full cost of the
prescription when you pick it up. You can then ask us to reimburse you for our share. Go to Chapter 7,
Section 2 for information about how to ask our plan for reimbursement.
SECTION 9 Part D drug coverage in special situations
Section 9.1 In a hospital or skilled nursing facility for a stay covered by our plan
If you’re admitted to a hospital or to a skilled nursing facility for a stay covered by our plan, we’ll generally
cover the cost of your prescription drugs during your stay. Once you leave the hospital or skilled nursing
facility, our plan will cover your prescription drugs as long as the drugs meet all of our rules for coverage
described in this chapter.
Section 9.2 As a resident in a long‑term care (LTC) facility
Usually, a long‑term care (LTC) facility (such as a nursing home) has its own pharmacy, or uses a
pharmacy that supplies drugs for all its residents. If you’re a resident of an LTC facility, you may get your
prescription drugs through the facility’s pharmacy or the one it uses, as long as it’s part of our network.
Check your Provider & Pharmacy Directory (AetnaMedicare.com/findpharmacy) to find out if your LTC
facility’s pharmacy or the one it uses is part of our network. If it isn’t, or if you need more information or
assistance, call Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users call 711). If you’re in an LTC facility, we
must ensure that you’re able to routinely get your Part D benefits through our network of LTC pharmacies.
If you’re a resident in an LTC facility and need a drug that isn’t on our Drug List or restricted in some
way, go to Section 5 for information about getting a temporary or emergency supply.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 105
Chapter 5. Using plan coverage for Part D drugs
Section 9.3 If you also have drug coverage from an employer or retiree group plan
If you have other drug coverage through your (or your spouse or domestic partner’s) employer or retiree
group, contact that group’s benefits administrator. They can help you understand how your current drug
coverage will work with our plan.
In general, if you have employee or retiree group coverage, the drug coverage you get from us will be
secondary to your group coverage. That means your group coverage pays first.
Special note about creditable coverage:
Each year your employer or retiree group should send you a notice that tells you if your drug coverage for
the next calendar year is creditable.
If the coverage from the group plan is creditable, it means that our plan has drug coverage that’s expected
to pay, on average, at least as much as Medicare’s standard drug coverage.
Keep any notices about creditable coverage because you may need these notices later to show that you
maintained creditable coverage. If you didn’t get a creditable coverage notice, ask for a copy from your
employer or retiree plan’s benefits administrator or the employer or union.
Section 9.4 If you’re in a Medicare‑certified hospice
Hospice and our plan don’t cover the same drug at the same time. If you’re enrolled in Medicare hospice
and require certain drugs (e.g., anti‑nausea drugs, laxatives, pain medication or anti‑anxiety drugs) that
aren’t covered by your hospice because it is unrelated to your terminal illness and related conditions, our
plan must get notification from either the prescriber or your hospice provider that the drug is unrelated
before our plan can cover the drug. To prevent delays in getting these drugs that should be covered by
our plan, ask your hospice provider or prescriber to provide notification before your prescription is filled.
In the event you either revoke your hospice election or are discharged from hospice, our plan should cover
your drugs as explained in this document. To prevent any delays at a pharmacy when your Medicare
hospice benefit ends, bring documentation to the pharmacy to verify your revocation or discharge.
SECTION 10 Programs on drug safety and managing medications
We conduct drug use reviews to help make sure our members get safe and appropriate care.
We do a review each time you fill a prescription. We also review our records on a regular basis. During
these reviews, we look for potential problems like:
• Possible medication errors
• Drugs that may not be necessary because you take another similar drug to treat the same condition
• Drugs that may not be safe or appropriate because of your age or gender
• Certain combinations of drugs that could harm you if taken at the same time
• Prescriptions for drugs that have ingredients you’re allergic to
• Possible errors in the amount (dosage) of a drug you take
• Unsafe amounts of opioid pain medications
If we see a possible problem in your use of medications, we’ll work with your provider to correct the
problem.

106 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 5. Using plan coverage for Part D drugs
Section 10.1 Drug Management Program (DMP) to help members safely use opioid
medications
We have a program that helps make sure members safely use prescription opioids and other frequently
abused medications. This program is called a Drug Management Program (DMP). If you use opioid
medications that you get from several prescribers or pharmacies, or if you had a recent opioid overdose,
we may talk to your prescribers to make sure your use of opioid medications is appropriate and medically
necessary. Working with your prescribers, if we decide your use of prescription opioid or benzodiazepine
medications may not be safe, we may limit how you can get those medications. If we place you in our
DMP, the limitations may be:
• Requiring you to get all your prescriptions for opioid or benzodiazepine medications from a certain
pharmacy(ies)
• Requiring you to get all your prescriptions for opioid or benzodiazepine medications from a certain
prescriber(s)
• Limiting the amount of opioid or benzodiazepine medications we’ll cover for you
If we plan on limiting how you get these medications or how much you can get, we’ll send you a letter in
advance. The letter will tell you if we'll limit coverage of these drugs for you, or if you’ll be required to get
the prescriptions for these drugs only from a specific prescriber or pharmacy. You’ll have an opportunity
to tell us which prescribers or pharmacies you prefer to use, and about any other information you think is
important for us to know. After you’ve had the opportunity to respond, if we decide to limit your coverage
for these medications, we’ll send you another letter confirming the limitation. If you think we made a
mistake or you disagree with our decision or with the limitation, you and your prescriber have the right to
appeal. If you appeal, we’ll review your case and give you a new decision. If we continue to deny any part
of your request about the limitations that apply to your access to medications, we’ll automatically send
your case to an independent reviewer outside of our plan. Go to Chapter 9 for information about how to
ask for an appeal.
You won’t be placed in our DMP if you have certain medical conditions, such as cancer‑related pain or
sickle cell disease, you’re getting hospice, palliative, or end‑of‑life care, or live in a long‑term care facility.
Section 10.2 Medication Therapy Management (MTM) program to help members manage
medications
We have a program that can help our members with complex health needs. Our program is called a
Medication Therapy Management (MTM) program. This program is voluntary and free. A team of
pharmacists and doctors developed the program for us to help make sure our members get the most
benefit from the drugs they take.
Some members who have certain chronic diseases and take medications that exceed a specific amount of
drug costs or are in a DMP to help them use opioids safely, may be able to get services through an MTM
program. If you qualify for the program, a pharmacist or other health professional will give you a
comprehensive review of all your medications. During the review, you can talk about your medications,
your costs, and any problems or questions you have about your prescription and over‑the‑counter
medications. You’ll get a written summary which has a recommended to‑do list that includes steps you
should take to get the best results from your medications. You’ll also get a medication list that will include
all the medications you’re taking, how much you take, and when and why you take them. In addition,
members in the MTM program will get information on the safe disposal of prescription medications that
are controlled substances.
It’s a good idea to talk to your doctor about your recommended to‑do list and medication list. Bring the
summary with you to your visit or anytime you talk with your doctors, pharmacists, and other health care
providers. Keep your medication list up to date and with you (for example, with your ID) in case you go to
the hospital or emergency room.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 107
Chapter 5. Using plan coverage for Part D drugs
If we have a program that fits your needs, we’ll automatically enroll you in the program and send you
information. If you decide not to participate, notify us and we’ll withdraw you. For questions about this
program, call Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users call 711).

CHAPTER 6:
What you pay for Part D drugs
SECTION 1 What you pay for Part D drugs
If you’re in a program that helps pay for your drugs, some information in this Evidence of
Coverage about the costs for Part D prescription drugs may not apply to you. We sent you a separate
insert, called the Evidence of Coverage Rider for People Who Get Extra Help Paying for Prescription Drugs
(also known as the Low Income Subsidy Rider or the LIS Rider), which tells you about your drug coverage.
If you don’t have this insert, call Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users call 711) and ask for the
LIS Rider.
We use “drug” in this chapter to mean a Part D prescription drug. Not all drugs are Part D drugs. Some
drugs are covered under Medicare Part A or Part B and other drugs are excluded from Medicare coverage
by law.
To understand the payment information, you need to know what drugs are covered, where to fill your
prescriptions, and what rules to follow when you get your covered drugs. Chapter 5 explains these rules.
When you use our plan’s “Real‑Time Benefit Tool” to look up drug coverage AetnaMedicare.com, the
cost you see shows an estimate of the out‑of‑pocket costs you’re expected to pay. You can also get
information provided by the “Real‑Time Benefit Tool” by calling Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY
users call 711).
Section 1.1 Types of out‑of‑pocket costs you may pay for covered drugs
There are 3 different types of out‑of‑pocket costs for covered Part D drugs that you may be asked to pay:
• Deductible is the amount you pay for drugs before our plan starts to pay our share.
• Copayment is a fixed amount you pay each time you fill a prescription.
• Coinsurance is a percentage of the total cost you pay each time you fill a prescription.
Section 1.2 How Medicare calculates your out‑of‑pocket costs
Medicare has rules about what counts and what doesn’t count toward your out‑of‑pocket costs. Here are
the rules we must follow to keep track of your out‑of‑pocket costs.
These payments are included in your out‑of‑pocket costs
Your out‑of‑pocket costs include the payments listed below (as long as they are for covered Part D drugs
and you followed the rules for drug coverage explained in Chapter 5):
• The amount you pay for drugs when you’re in the following drug payment stages:
The Deductible Stage
○
The Initial Coverage Stage
○
• Any payments you made during this calendar year as a member of a different Medicare drug plan
before you joined our plan.
• Any payments for your drugs made by family or friends
• Any payments made for your drugs by Extra Help from Medicare, employer or union health plans,
Indian Health Service, AIDS drug assistance programs, and most charities
Moving to the Catastrophic Coverage Stage:
When you (or those paying on your behalf) have spent a total of $2,100 in out‑of‑pocket costs within the

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 109
Chapter 6. What you pay for Part D drugs
calendar year, you move from the Initial Coverage Stage to the Catastrophic Coverage Stage.
These payments aren’t included in your out‑of‑pocket costs
Your out‑of‑pocket costs don’t include any of these types of payments:
• Drugs you buy outside the United States and its territories.
• Drugs that aren’t covered by our plan.
• Drugs you get at an out‑of‑network pharmacy that don’t meet our plan’s requirements for
out‑of‑network coverage.
• Non‑Part D drugs, including prescription drugs and vaccines covered by Part A or Part B and other
drugs excluded from coverage by Medicare.
• Payments you make toward drugs not normally covered in a Medicare Drug Plan.
• Payments for your drugs made by certain insurance plans and government‑funded health programs
such as TRICARE and the Veterans Health Administration (VA)
• Payments for your drugs made by a third‑party with a legal obligation to pay for prescription costs
(for example, Workers’ Compensation.)
• Payments made by drug manufacturers under the Manufacturer Discount Program.
Reminder: If any other organization like the ones listed above pays part or all your out‑of‑pocket costs for
drugs, you're required to tell our plan by calling Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users call 711).
Tracking your out‑of‑pocket total
• The Part D Explanation of Benefits (EOB) you get includes the current total of your out‑of‑pocket
costs. When this amount reaches $2,100, the Part D EOB will tell you that you left the Initial Coverage
Stage and moved to the Catastrophic Coverage Stage.
• Make sure we have the information we need. Go to Section 3.1 to learn what you can do to help
make sure our records of what you spent are complete and up to date.
SECTION 2 Drug payment stages for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO‑POS) members
There are 3 drug payment stages for your drug coverage under Aetna Medicare Select (HMO‑POS). How
much you pay for each prescription depends on what stage you're in when you get a prescription filled or
refilled. Details of each stage are explained in this chapter. The stages are:
Stage 1: Yearly Deductible Stage
Stage 2: Initial Coverage Stage
Stage 3: Catastrophic Coverage Stage
SECTION 3 Your Part D Explanation of Benefits (EOB) explains which payment stage
you're in
Our plan keeps track of your prescription drug costs and the payments you make when you get
prescriptions at the pharmacy. This way, we can tell you when you move from one drug payment stage to
the next. We track 2 types of costs:

110 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 6. What you pay for Part D drugs
• Out‑of‑Pocket Costs: this is how much you paid. This includes what you paid when you get a
covered Part D drug, any payments for your drugs made by family or friends, and any payments
made for your drugs by Extra Help from Medicare, employer or union health plans, Indian Health
Service, AIDS drug assistance programs, charities, and most State Pharmaceutical Assistance
Programs (SPAPs).
• Total Drug Costs: this is the total of all payments made for your covered Part D drugs. It includes
what our plan paid, what you paid, and what other programs or organizations paid for your covered
Part D drugs.
If you filled one or more prescriptions through our plan during the previous month, we'll send you a Part D
EOB. The Part D EOB includes:
• Information for that month. This report gives payment details about prescriptions you filled during
the previous month. It shows the total drug costs, what our plan paid, and what you and others paid
on your behalf.
• Totals for the year since January 1. This shows the total drug costs and total payments for your
drugs since the year began.
• Drug price information. This displays the total drug price, and information about changes in price
from first fill for each prescription claim of the same quantity.
• Available lower cost alternative prescriptions. This shows information about other available drugs
with lower cost sharing for each prescription claim, if applicable.
Section 3.1 Help us keep our information about your drug payments up to date
To keep track of your drug costs and the payments you make for drugs, we use records we get from
pharmacies. Here’s how you can help us keep your information correct and up to date:
• Show your membership card every time you get a prescription filled. This helps make sure we
know about the prescriptions you fill and what you pay.
• Make sure we have the information we need. There are times you may pay for the entire cost of a
prescription drug. In these cases, we won’t automatically get the information we need to keep track
of your out‑of‑pocket costs. To help us keep track of your out‑of‑pocket costs, give us copies of
your receipts. Examples of when you should give us copies of your drug receipts:
When you purchase a covered drug at a network pharmacy at a special price or use a discount
○
card that's not part of our plan's benefit.
When you pay a copayment for drugs provided under a drug manufacturer patient assistance
○
program.
Any time you buy covered drugs at out‑of‑network pharmacies or pay the full price for a
○
covered drug under special circumstances.
If you’re billed for a covered drug, you can ask our plan to pay our share of the cost. For
○
instructions on how to do this, go to Chapter 7, Section 2.
• Send us information about the payments others make for you. Payments made by certain other
people and organizations also count toward your out‑of‑pocket costs. For example, payments made
by a State Pharmaceutical Assistance Program, an AIDS drug assistance program (ADAP), the
Indian Health Service, and charities count toward your out‑of‑pocket costs. Keep a record of these
payments and send them to us so we can track your costs.
• Check the written report we send you. When you get the Part D EOB, look it over to be sure the
information is complete and correct. If you think something is missing or have questions, call
Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users call 711). Be sure to keep these reports.
SECTION 4 The Deductible Stage
The Deductible Stage is the first payment stage for your drug coverage. The deductible doesn’t apply to
covered insulin products and most adult Part D vaccines, including shingles, tetanus and travel vaccines.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 111
Chapter 6. What you pay for Part D drugs
You’ll pay a yearly deductible of $615 on your Tier 3, Tier 4, and Tier 5 drugs. You must pay the full cost of
your Tier 3, Tier 4, and Tier 5 drugs until you reach our plan’s deductible amount. For all other drugs you
won’t have to pay any deductible. The full cost is usually lower than the normal full price of the drug, since
our plan has negotiated lower costs for most drugs at network pharmacies. The full cost cannot exceed
the maximum fair price plus dispensing fees for drugs with negotiated prices under the Medicare Drug
Price Negotiation Program.
Once you pay $615 for your Tier 3, Tier 4, and Tier 5 drugs, you leave the Deductible Stage and move on to
the Initial Coverage Stage.
SECTION 5 The Initial Coverage Stage
Section 5.1 What you pay for a drug depends on the drug and where you fill your
prescription
During the Initial Coverage Stage, our plan pays its share of the cost of your covered drugs, and you pay
your share (your copayment or coinsurance amount). Your share of the cost will vary depending on the
drug and where you fill your prescription.
Our plan has 5 cost‑sharing tiers
Every drug on our plan’s Drug List is in one of 5 cost‑sharing tiers. In general, the higher the cost‑sharing
tier number, the higher your cost for the drug:
• Tier 1: Preferred Generic
Many common lower cost generic drugs.
• Tier 2: Generic
Higher cost generic drugs.
• Tier 3: Preferred Brand
Many common brand name drugs and some higher cost generic drugs.
• Tier 4: Non‑Preferred Drug
Higher cost brand name and generic drugs for which a lower cost alternative is often available.
• Tier 5: Specialty
High‑cost brand and generic drugs meeting Medicare’s definition of a specialty drug.
• Insulins: Regardless of tier, you pay no more than $35 per month supply of each covered insulin
product.
To find out which cost‑sharing tier your drug is in, look it up in our plan’s Drug List.
Your pharmacy choices
How much you pay for a drug depends on whether you get the drug from:
• A network retail pharmacy that offers preferred cost sharing. Costs may be less at pharmacies that
offer preferred cost sharing.
• A network retail pharmacy that offers standard cost sharing.
• A pharmacy that isn’t in our plan’s network. We cover prescriptions filled at out‑of‑network
pharmacies in only limited situations. Go to Chapter 5, Section 2.4 to find out when we’ll cover a
prescription filled at an out‑of‑network pharmacy.
• Our plan’s mail‑order pharmacy.
For more information about these pharmacy choices and filling your prescriptions, go to Chapter 5 and our
plan’s Provider & Pharmacy Directory (AetnaMedicare.com/findpharmacy).
Section 5.2 Your costs for a one‑month supply of a covered drug

112 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 6. What you pay for Part D drugs
During the Initial Coverage Stage, your share of the cost of a covered drug will be either a copayment or
coinsurance.
The amount of the copayment or coinsurance depends on the cost‑sharing tier.
Sometimes the cost of the drug is lower than your copayment. In these cases, you will pay the lower price
for the drug instead of the copayment.
Your costs for a one‑month supply of a covered Part D drug
Standard Preferred Mail‑order Preferred Long‑term Out‑of‑network
retail retail cost sharing mail‑order care (LTC) cost sharing
in‑network in‑network (up to a cost sharing cost sharing (Coverage is
cost sharing cost sharing 30‑day (up to a (up to a limited to certain
(up to a (up to a supply) 30‑day 31‑day situations; go to
30‑day 30‑day supply) supply) Chapter 5 for
supply) supply) details.)
(up to a 10‑day
Tier supply)
Cost‑Sharing $2 $0 $2 $0 $2 $2
Tier 1
(Preferred
Generic)
Cost‑Sharing $12 $0 $12 $0 $12 $12
Tier 2
(Generic)
Cost‑Sharing 24% 24% 24% 24% 24% 24%
Tier 3
(Preferred
Brand)
Cost‑Sharing 25% 25% 25% 25% 25% 25%
Tier 4
(Non‑Preferred
Drug)
Cost‑Sharing 25% 25% 25% 25% 25% 25%
Tier 5
(Specialty)
Insulins You won’t pay more than $35 for a one‑month supply of each covered insulin product
regardless of the cost‑sharing tier, even if you haven’t paid your deductible.
Go to Section 7 of this chapter for more information on cost‑sharing for Part D vaccines.
Section 5.3 If your doctor prescribes less than a full month’s supply, you may not have to pay
the cost of the entire month’s supply
Typically, the amount you pay for a drug covers a full month’s supply. There may be times when you or
your doctor would like you to have less than a month’s supply of a drug (for example, when you’re trying a
medication for the first time). You can also ask your doctor to prescribe, and your pharmacist to dispense,
less than a full month’s supply, if this will help you better plan refill dates.
If you get less than a full month’s supply of certain drugs, you won't have to pay for the full month’s supply.
• If you’re responsible for coinsurance, you pay a percentage of the total cost of the drug. Since the
coinsurance is based on the total cost of the drug, your costs will be lower since the total cost for the

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 113
Chapter 6. What you pay for Part D drugs
drug will be lower.
• If you’re responsible for a copayment for the drug, you only pay for the number of days of the drug
that you get instead of a whole month. We calculate the amount you pay per day for your drug (the
daily cost‑sharing rate) and multiply it by the number of days of the drug you get.
Section 5.4 Your costs for a long‑term (up to a 100‑day) supply of a covered Part D drug
For some drugs, you can get a long‑term supply (also called an extended supply). A long‑term supply is up
to a 100‑day supply.
Sometimes the cost of the drug is lower than your copayment. In these cases, you pay the lower price for
the drug instead of the copayment.
Your costs for a long‑term (up to a 100‑day) supply for a covered Part D drug
Standard retail Preferred retail Mail‑order cost Preferred
cost sharing cost sharing sharing mail‑order cost
(in‑network) (in‑network) (up to a 100‑day sharing
(up to a 100‑day (up to a 100‑day supply) (up to a 100‑day
Tier supply) supply) supply)
Cost‑Sharing
Tier 1
$6 $0 $6 $0
(Preferred
Generic)
Cost‑Sharing
Tier 2 $36 $0 $36 $0
(Generic)
Cost‑Sharing
Tier 3 24% 24% 24% 24%
(Preferred Brand)
Cost‑Sharing
Tier 4
25% 25% 25% 25%
(Non‑Preferred
Drug)
Cost‑Sharing
Tier 5 A long‑term supply is not available for drugs in Tier 5.
(Specialty)
Insulins You won’t pay more than $70 for up to a 2‑month supply or $105 for up to a
3‑month supply of each covered insulin product regardless of the cost‑sharing tier,
even if you haven’t paid your deductible.
Section 5.5 You stay in the Initial Coverage Stage until your out‑of‑pocket costs for the year
reach $2,100
You stay in the Initial Coverage Stage until your total out‑of‑pocket costs reach $2,100. You then move to
the Catastrophic Coverage Stage.
The Part D EOB you get will help you keep track of how much you, our plan, and any third parties, have

114 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 6. What you pay for Part D drugs
spent on your behalf during the year. Not all members will reach the $2,100 out‑of‑pocket limit in a year.
We’ll let you know if you reach this amount. Go to Section 1.2 for more information on how Medicare
calculates your out‑of‑pocket costs.
SECTION 6 The Catastrophic Coverage Stage
In the Catastrophic Coverage Stage, you pay nothing for covered Part D drugs. You enter the Catastrophic
Coverage Stage when your out‑of‑pocket costs reach the $2,100 limit for the calendar year. Once you’re in
the Catastrophic Coverage Stage, you’ll stay in this payment stage until the end of the calendar year.
• During this payment stage, you pay nothing for your Part D covered drugs.
SECTION 7 What you pay for Part D vaccines
Important message about what you pay for vaccines — Some vaccines are considered medical benefits
and are covered under Part B. Other vaccines are considered Part D drugs. You can find these vaccines
listed in our plan’s Drug List. Our plan covers most adult Part D vaccines at no cost to you, even if you
haven’t paid your deductible. Go to our plan’s Drug List or call Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY
users call 711) for coverage and cost‑sharing details about specific vaccines.
There are 2 parts to our coverage of Part D vaccines:
• The first part is the cost of the vaccine itself.
• The second part is for the cost of giving you the vaccine. (This is sometimes called the
administration of the vaccine.)
Your costs for a Part D vaccine depend on 3 things:
1. Whether the vaccine is recommended for adults by an organization called the Advisory
Committee on Immunization Practices (ACIP).
• Most adult Part D vaccines are recommended by ACIP and cost you nothing.
2. Where you get the vaccine.
• The vaccine itself may be dispensed by a pharmacy or provided by the doctor’s office.
3. Who gives you the vaccine.
• A pharmacist or another provider may give the vaccine in the pharmacy. Or, a provider may
give it in the doctor’s office.
What you pay at the time you get the Part D vaccine can vary depending on the circumstances and what
drug payment stage you’re in.
• When you get a vaccine, you may have to pay the entire cost for both the vaccine itself and the cost
for the provider to give you the vaccine. You can ask our plan to pay you back for our share of the
cost. For most adult Part D vaccines, this means you’ll be reimbursed the entire cost you paid.
• Other times, when you get a vaccine, you pay only your share of the cost under your Part D benefit.
For most adult Part D vaccines, you pay nothing.
Below are 3 examples of ways you might get a Part D vaccine.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 115
Chapter 6. What you pay for Part D drugs
Situation 1: You get the Part D vaccine at the network pharmacy. (Whether you have this choice
depends on where you live. Some states don’t allow pharmacies to give certain vaccines.)
• For most adult Part D vaccines, you pay nothing.
• For other Part D vaccines, you pay the pharmacy your coinsurance or copayment
for the vaccine itself which includes the cost of giving you the vaccine.
• Our plan will pay the remainder of the costs.
Situation 2: You get the Part D vaccine at your doctor’s office.
• When you get the vaccine, you may have to pay the entire cost of the vaccine itself
and the cost for the provider to give it to you.
• You can then ask our plan to pay our share of the cost by using the procedures
described in Chapter 7.
• For most adult Part D vaccines, you’ll be reimbursed the full amount you paid. For
other Part D vaccines, you’ll be reimbursed the amount you paid less any
coinsurance or copayment for the vaccine (including administration), and less any
difference between the amount the doctor charges and what we normally pay. (If
you get Extra Help, we’ll reimburse you for this difference.)
Situation 3: You buy the Part D vaccine itself at the network pharmacy and take it to your doctor’s
office where they give you the vaccine.
• For most adult Part D vaccines, you pay nothing for the vaccine itself.
• For other Part D vaccines, you pay the pharmacy your coinsurance or copayment
for the vaccine itself.
• When your doctor gives you the vaccine, you may have to pay the entire cost for this
service.
• You can then ask our plan to pay our share of the cost by using the procedures in
Chapter 7.
• For most adult Part D vaccines, you’ll be reimbursed the full amount you paid. For
other Part D vaccines, you’ll be reimbursed the amount you paid less any
coinsurance for the vaccine administration, and less any difference between the
amount the doctor charges and what we normally pay. (If you get Extra Help, we’ll
reimburse you for this difference.)

CHAPTER 7:
Asking us to pay our share of a bill for covered
medical services or drugs
SECTION 1 Situations when you should ask us to pay our share for covered services or
drugs
Sometimes when you get medical care or a prescription drug, you may need to pay the full cost. Other
times, you may find you pay more than you expected under the coverage rules of our plan, or you may get
a bill from a provider. In these cases, you can ask our plan to pay you back (reimburse you). It’s your right
to be paid back by our plan whenever you’ve paid more than your share of the cost for medical services or
drugs covered by our plan. There may be deadlines that you must meet to get paid back. Go to Section 2
of this chapter.
There may also be times when you get a bill from a provider for the full cost of medical care you got or for
more than your share of cost sharing. First, try to resolve the bill with the provider. If that doesn’t work,
send the bill to us instead of paying it. We’ll look at the bill and decide whether the services should be
covered. If we decide they should be covered, we’ll pay the provider directly. If we decide not to pay it,
we’ll notify the provider. You should never pay more than plan‑allowed cost sharing. If this provider is
contracted, you still have the right to treatment.
Examples of situations in which you may need to ask our plan to pay you back or to pay a bill you got:
1. When you got emergency or urgently needed medical care from a provider who’s not in our
plan’s network
Outside the service area, you can get emergency or urgently needed services from any provider,
whether or not the provider is a part of our network. In these cases,
• You’re only responsible for paying your share of the cost for emergency or urgently needed
services. Emergency providers are legally required to provide emergency care.
• If you pay the entire amount yourself at the time you get the care, ask us to pay you back for
our share of the cost. Send us the bill, along with documentation of any payments you made.
• You may get a bill from the provider asking for payment you think you don’t owe. Send us this
bill, along with documentation of any payments you already made.
If the provider is owed anything, we’ll pay the provider directly.
○
If you already paid more than your share of the cost of the service, we’ll determine how
○
much you owed and pay you back for our share of the cost.
2. When a network provider sends you a bill you think you shouldn’t pay
Network providers should always bill our plan directly and ask you only for your share of the cost.
But sometimes they make mistakes and ask you to pay more than your share.
• You only have to pay your cost‑sharing amount when you get covered services. We don’t
allow providers to add additional separate charges, called balance billing. This protection
(that you never pay more than your cost‑sharing amount) applies even if we pay the provider
less than the provider charges for a service and even if there’s a dispute and we don’t pay
certain provider charges.
• Whenever you get a bill from a network provider you think is more than you should pay, send
us the bill. We’ll contact the provider directly and resolve the billing problem.
• If you already paid a bill to a network provider, but feel you paid too much, send us the bill
along with documentation of any payment you made and ask us to pay you back the
difference between the amount you paid and the amount you owed under our plan.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 117
Chapter 7. Asking us to pay our share of a bill for covered medical services or drugs
3. If you’re retroactively enrolled in our plan
Sometimes a person’s enrollment in our plan is retroactive. (This means that the first day of their
enrollment has already passed. The enrollment date may even have occurred last year.)
If you were retroactively enrolled in our plan and you paid out‑of‑pocket for any of your covered
services or drugs after your enrollment date, you can ask us to pay you back for our share of the
costs. You need to submit paperwork such as receipts and bills for us to handle the reimbursement.
4. When you use an out‑of‑network pharmacy to fill a prescription
If you go to an out‑of‑network pharmacy, the pharmacy may not be able to submit the claim directly
to us. When that happens, you have to pay the full cost of your prescription.
Save your receipt and send a copy to us when you ask us to pay you back for our share of the cost.
Remember that we only cover out‑of‑network pharmacies in limited circumstances. Go to Chapter
5, Section 2.4 to learn about these circumstances. We may not pay you back the difference between
what you paid for the drug at the out‑of‑network pharmacy and the amount we’d pay at an
in‑network pharmacy.
5. When you pay the full cost for a prescription because you don’t have our plan membership card
with you
If you don’t have our plan membership card with you, you can ask the pharmacy to call our plan or
look up our plan enrollment information. If the pharmacy can’t get the enrollment information they
need right away, you may need to pay the full cost of the prescription yourself.
Save your receipt and send a copy to us when you ask us to pay you back for our share of the cost.
We may not pay you back the full cost you paid if the cash price you paid is higher than our
negotiated price for the prescription.
6. When you pay the full cost for a prescription in other situations
You may pay the full cost of the prescription because you find the drug isn’t covered for some
reason.
• For example, the drug may not be on our plan’s Drug List, or it could have a requirement or
restriction you didn’t know about or don’t think should apply to you. If you decide to get the
drug immediately, you may need to pay the full cost for it.
• Save your receipt and send a copy to us when you ask us to pay you back. In some situations,
we may need to get more information from your doctor to pay you back for our share of the
cost. We may not pay you back the full cost you paid if the cash price you paid is higher than
our negotiated price for the prescription.
When you send us a request for payment, we'll review your request and decide whether the service or
drug should be covered. This is called making a coverage decision. If we decide it should be covered,
we'll pay for our share of the cost for the service or drug. If we deny your request for payment, you can
appeal our decision. Chapter 9 has information about how to make an appeal.
SECTION 2 How to ask us to pay you back or pay a bill you got
You can ask us to pay you back by sending us a request in writing. If you send a request in writing, send
your bill and documentation of any payment you have made. It’s a good idea to make a copy of your bill
and receipts for your records. You must submit your medical and Part B vaccine claims to us within 12
months of the date you got the service, item, or Part B drug. You must submit your Part D prescription

118 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 7. Asking us to pay our share of a bill for covered medical services or drugs
drug and Part D vaccine claims to us within 36 months of the date you got the service, item, or Part D
drug.
To make sure you’re giving us all the information we need to make a decision, you can fill out our claim
form to make your request for payment.
• You don’t have to use the form, but it’ll help us process the information faster. The form requires you
to provide information such as: name, address, Aetna ID number, provider name, provider NPI
(national provider identifier), provider TIN (taxpayer identification number), provider address, date of
service, reimbursement type, description of service(s), and charge(s).
• Download a copy of the form from our website (AetnaMedicare.com) or call Member Services at
1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users call 711) and ask for the form.
For medical claims (including vaccines for preventing COVID‑19, Flu/influenza, Pneumonia): Mail your
request for payment together with any bills or paid receipts to us at this address:
Aetna Medicare
PO Box 981106
El Paso, TX 79998‑1106
For Part D prescription drug claims (including vaccines for preventing Shingles or Chickenpox): Mail
your request for payment together with any bills or paid receipts to us at this address:
Aetna Pharmacy Management
PO Box 52446
Phoenix, AZ 85072‑2446
SECTION 3 We’ll consider your request for payment and say yes or no
When we get your request for payment, we’ll let you know if we need any additional information from you.
Otherwise, we'll consider your request and make a coverage decision.
• If we decide the medical care or drug is covered and you followed all the rules, we’ll pay for our
share of the cost. Our share of the cost might not be the full amount you paid (for example, if you got
a drug at an out‑of‑network pharmacy or if the cash price you paid for a drug is higher than our
negotiated price). If you already paid for the service or drug, we’ll mail your reimbursement of our
share of the cost to you. If you haven’t paid for the service or drug yet, we’ll mail the payment
directly to the provider.
• If we decide that the medical care or drug is not covered, or you did not follow all the rules, we won’t
pay for our share of the cost. We’ll send you a letter explaining the reasons why we aren’t sending
the payment and your rights to appeal that decision.
Section 3.1 If we tell you we won’t pay for all or part of the medical care or drug, you can
make an appeal
If you think we made a mistake in turning down your request for payment or the amount we’re paying, you
can make an appeal. If you make an appeal, it means you’re asking us to change the decision we made
when we turned down your request for payment. The appeals process is a formal process with detailed
procedures and important deadlines. For the details on how to make this appeal, go to Chapter 9.

CHAPTER 8:
Your rights and responsibilities
SECTION 1 Our plan must honor your rights and cultural sensitivities
Section 1.1 We must provide information in a way that works for you and consistent with
your cultural sensitivities (in languages other than English, braille, large print, or
other alternate formats, etc.)
Our plan is required to ensure that all services, both clinical and non‑clinical, are provided in a culturally
competent manner and are accessible to all enrollees, including those with limited English proficiency,
limited reading skills, hearing incapacity, or those with diverse cultural and ethnic backgrounds. Examples
of how our plan may meet these accessibility requirements include but aren’t limited to provision of
translator services, interpreter services, teletypewriters, or TTY (text telephone or teletypewriter phone)
connection.
Our plan has free interpreter services available to answer questions from non‑English speaking members.
We can also give you information in languages other than English including Spanish, and braille, in large
print, or other alternate formats at no cost if you need it. We’re required to give you information about our
plan’s benefits in a format that’s accessible and appropriate for you. To get information from us in a way
that works for you, call Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users call 711).
Our plan is required to give female enrollees the option of direct access to a women’s health specialist
within the network for women’s routine and preventive health care services.
If providers in our plan’s network for a specialty aren’t available, it’s our plan’s responsibility to locate
specialty providers outside the network who will provide you with the necessary care. In this case, you’ll
only pay in‑network cost sharing. If you find yourself in a situation where there are no specialists in our
plan’s network that cover a service you need, call our plan for information on where to go to get this
service at in‑network cost sharing.
If you have any trouble getting information from our plan in a format that’s accessible and appropriate for
you, seeing a women’s health specialist or finding a network specialist, call to file a grievance with
Member Services (phone numbers are printed on the back cover of this document). You can also call to
file a complaint with Medicare by calling 1‑800‑MEDICARE (1‑800‑633‑4227) or directly with the Office for
Civil Rights 1‑800‑368‑1019 or TTY 1‑800‑537‑7697.
Sección 1.1
Debemos proporcionarle información de una manera que sea conveniente para
usted y compatible con sus sensibilidades culturales (en otros idiomas además
de español, en braille, en tamaño de letra grande o en otros formatos
alternativos, etc.).
Nuestro plan está obligado a garantizar que todos los servicios, tanto clínicos como no clínicos, se presten
de forma culturalmente competente y sean accesibles a todos los inscritos, incluidos los que tienen un
dominio limitado del inglés, una capacidad limitada de lectura, una incapacidad auditiva o un origen
cultural y étnico diverso. Entre los ejemplos de cómo nuestro plan puede cumplir con estos requisitos de
accesibilidad se incluyen, entre otros, proveer servicios de traducción, servicios de interpretación,
teletipos o TTY (teléfono o teléfono de teletipo).
Nuestro plan cuenta con servicios de interpretación gratuitos disponibles para responder las preguntas de
los miembros que no hablan inglés. También podemos brindarle información en otros idiomas además de
inglés, incluido español y braille, en letra grande u otros formatos alternativos, sin costo alguno si lo
necesita. Tenemos la obligación de brindarle información sobre los beneficios de nuestro plan en un
formato que sea accesible y apropiado para usted. Para obtener información nuestra de una manera que
sea conveniente para usted, llame a Servicios para Miembros al 1‑833‑570‑6670 (los usuarios de TTY

120 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 8. Your rights and responsibilities
deben llamar al 711).
Nuestro plan está obligado a brindar a las mujeres inscritas la opción de acceso directo a un especialista
en salud de la mujer dentro de la red para servicios de atención médica preventiva y de rutina para las
mujeres.
Si no hay proveedores de una especialidad disponibles en la red de nuestro plan, es responsabilidad de
nuestro plan localizar proveedores especializados fuera de la red que le proporcionen la atención
necesaria. En este caso, usted solo pagará el costo compartido dentro de la red. Si se encuentra en una
situación en la que no hay especialistas en la red de nuestro plan que cubran el servicio que necesita,
llame al plan para obtener información sobre dónde puede obtener este servicio al costo compartido
dentro de la red.
Si tiene algún problema para obtener información de nuestro plan en un formato que sea accesible y
apropiado para usted, para consultar a un especialista en salud de la mujer o para encontrar un
especialista de la red, llame para presentar una queja ante el Servicio para Miembros al 1‑833‑570‑6670
(los usuarios de TTY deben llamar al 711). También puede presentar un reclamo ante Medicare llamando
al 1‑800‑MEDICARE (1‑800‑633‑4227) o directamente ante la Oficina de Derechos Civiles llamando al
1‑800‑368‑1019 o, si es usuario de TTY, al 1‑800‑537‑7697.
Section 1.2 We must ensure you get timely access to covered services and drugs
You have the right to choose a primary care provider (PCP) in our plan’s network to provide and arrange
for your covered services. We don't require you to get referrals to go to network providers.
You have the right to get appointments and covered services from our plan’s network of providers within a
reasonable amount of time. This includes the right to get timely services from specialists when you need
that care. You also have the right to get your prescriptions filled or refilled at any of our network
pharmacies without long delays.
If you think you aren’t getting your medical care or Part D drugs within a reasonable amount of time,
Chapter 9 tells what you can do.
Section 1.3 We must protect the privacy of your personal health information
Federal and state laws protect the privacy of your medical records and personal health information. We
protect your personal health information as required by these laws.
• Your personal health information includes the personal information you gave us when you enrolled
in this plan as well as your medical records and other medical and health information.
• You have rights related to your information and controlling how your health information is used. We
give you a written notice, called a Notice of Privacy Practice, that tells about these rights and
explains how we protect the privacy of your health information.
How do we protect the privacy of your health information?
• We make sure that unauthorized people don’t see or change your records.
• Except for the circumstances noted below, if we intend to give your health information to anyone
who isn’t providing your care or paying for your care, we’re required to get written permission from
you or someone you have given legal power to make decisions for you first.
• There are certain exceptions that don’t require us to get your written permission first. These
exceptions are allowed or required by law.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 121
Chapter 8. Your rights and responsibilities
We’re required to release health information to government agencies that are checking on
○
quality of care.
Because you’re a member of our plan through Medicare, we’re required to give Medicare your
○
health information including information about your Part D drugs. If Medicare releases your
information for research or other uses, this will be done according to federal statutes and
regulations; typically, this requires that information that uniquely identifies you not be shared.
You can see the information in your records and know how it’s been shared with others
You have the right to look at your medical records held by our plan, and to get a copy of your records.
We’re allowed to charge you a fee for making copies. You also have the right to ask us to make additions
or corrections to your medical records. If you ask us to do this, we’ll work with your health care provider to
decide whether the changes should be made.
You have the right to know how your health information has been shared with others for any purposes that
aren’t routine. You have the right to make recommendations regarding our organizations member rights
and responsibilities policy.
If you have questions or concerns about the privacy of your personal health information, call Member
Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users call 711).
Section 1.4 We must give you information about our plan, our network of providers, and your
covered services
As a member of Aetna Medicare Select (HMO‑POS), you have the right to get several kinds of information
from us.
If you want any of the following kinds of information, call Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users
call 711):
• Information about our plan. This includes, for example, information about our plan’s financial
condition.
• Information about our network providers and pharmacies. You have the right to get information
about the qualifications of the providers and pharmacies in our network and how we pay the
providers in our network.
• Information about your coverage and the rules you must follow when using your coverage.
Chapters 3 and 4 provide information regarding medical services. Chapters 5 and 6 provide
information about Part D drug coverage.
• Information about why something is not covered and what you can do about it. Chapter 9
provides information on asking for a written explanation on why a medical service or Part D drug
isn’t covered or if your coverage is restricted. Chapter 9 also provides information on asking us to
change a decision, also called an appeal.
• Information from interpreters. Our plan interpreter services are available in all languages including
American Sign Language. Interpreter services are available for on‑site interpretation during a
medical appointment. If you require these services, please contact Member Services at least two
weeks in advance of your scheduled appointment.
Section 1.5 You have the right to know your treatment options and participate in decisions
about your care
You have the right to get full information from your doctors and other health care providers. Your
providers must explain your medical condition and your treatment choices in a way that you can
understand.
You also have the right to participate fully in decisions about your health care. To help you make decisions

122 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 8. Your rights and responsibilities
with your doctors about what treatment is best for you, your rights include the following:
• To know about all your choices. You have the right to be told about all treatment options
recommended for your condition, no matter what they cost or whether they’re covered by our plan.
It also includes being told about programs our plan offers to help members manage their
medications and use drugs safely.
• To know about the risks. You have the right to be told about any risks involved in your care. You
must be told in advance if any proposed medical care or treatment is part of a research experiment.
You always have the choice to refuse any experimental treatments.
• The right to say “no.” You have the right to refuse any recommended treatment. This includes the
right to leave a hospital or other medical facility, even if your doctor advises you not to leave. You
also have the right to stop taking your medication. If you refuse treatment or stop taking medication,
you accept full responsibility for what happens to your body as a result.
You have the right to give instructions about what’s to be done if you can’t make medical decisions
for yourself
Sometimes people become unable to make health care decisions for themselves due to accidents or
serious illness. You have the right to say what you want to happen if you’re in this situation. This means, if
you want to, you can:
• Fill out a written form to give someone the legal authority to make medical decisions for you if you
ever become unable to make decisions for yourself.
• Give your doctors written instructions about how you want them to handle your medical care if
you become unable to make decisions for yourself.
Legal documents you can use to give directions in advance in these situations are called advance
directives. Documents like a living will and power of attorney for health care are examples of advance
directives.
How to set up an advance directive to give instructions:
• Get a form. You can get an advance directive form from your lawyer, a social worker, or some office
supply stores. You can sometimes get advance directive forms from organizations that give people
information about Medicare. You can also call Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users call
711) to ask for the forms.
• Fill out the form and sign it. No matter where you get this form, it’s a legal document. Consider
having a lawyer help you prepare it.
• Give copies of the form to the right people. Give a copy of the form to your doctor and to the
person you name on the form who can make decisions for you if you can’t. You may want to give
copies to close friends or family members. Keep a copy at home.
If you know ahead of time that you’re going to be hospitalized, and you signed an advance directive, take
a copy with you to the hospital.
• The hospital will ask whether you signed an advance directive form and whether you have it with
you.
• If you didn’t sign an advance directive form, the hospital has forms available and will ask if you want
to sign one.
Filling out an advance directive is your choice (including whether you want to sign one if you’re in the
hospital). According to law, no one can deny you care or discriminate against you based on whether or not
you signed an advance directive.
If your instructions aren’t followed
If you sign an advance directive, and you believe that a doctor or hospital didn't follow the instructions in it,
you can file a complaint with the state agency that oversees advance directives. To find the appropriate

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 123
Chapter 8. Your rights and responsibilities
agency in your state, contact your State Health Insurance Assistance Program (SHIP). Contact information
is in Appendix A at the back of this document.
Section 1.6 You have the right to make complaints and ask us to reconsider decisions we
made
If you have any problems, concerns, or complaints and need to ask for coverage or make an appeal,
Chapter 9 of this document tells what you can do. Whatever you do – ask for a coverage decision, make an
appeal, or make a complaint — we’re required to treat you fairly.
Section 1.7 If you believe you’re being treated unfairly or your rights aren’t being respected
If you believe you’ve been treated unfairly or your rights haven’t been respected due to your race,
disability, religion, sex, health, ethnicity, creed (beliefs), age, or national origin, call the Department of
Health and Human Services’ Office for Civil Rights at 1‑800‑368‑1019 (TTY users call 1‑800‑537‑7697),
or call your local Office for Civil Rights.
If you believe you’ve been treated unfairly or your rights haven’t been respected, and it’s not about
discrimination, you can get help dealing with the problem you’re having from these places:
• Call Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users call 711)
• Call your local SHIP. Phone numbers are listed in Appendix A at the back of this document.
• Call Medicare at 1‑800‑MEDICARE (1‑800‑633‑4227), (TTY users call 1‑877‑486‑2048)
Section 1.8 How to get more information about your rights
Get more information about your rights from these places:
• Call Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users call 711)
• Call your local SHIP. Phone numbers are listed in Appendix A at the back of this document.
• Contact Medicare.
Visit www.Medicare.gov to read the publication Medicare Rights & Protections (available at:
○
www.medicare.gov/publications/11534-medicare-rights-and-protections.pdf.)
Call 1‑800‑MEDICARE (1‑800‑633‑4227) (TTY users call 1‑877‑486‑2048)
○
SECTION 2 Your responsibilities as a member of our plan
Things you need to do as a member of our plan are listed below. For questions, call Member Services at
1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users call 711).
• Get familiar with your covered services and the rules you must follow to get these covered
services. Use this Evidence of Coverage to learn what’s covered and the rules you need to follow to
get covered services.
Chapters 3 and 4 give details about medical services.
○
Chapters 5 and 6 give details about Part D drug coverage.
○
• If you have any other health coverage or drug coverage in addition to our plan, you’re required
to tell us. Chapter 1 tells you about coordinating these benefits.
• Tell your doctor and other health care providers that you’re enrolled in our plan. Show our plan
membership card whenever you get medical care or Part D drugs.
• Help your doctors and other providers help you by giving them information, asking questions,
and following through on your care.
To help get the best care, tell your doctors and other health providers about your health
○

124 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 8. Your rights and responsibilities
problems. Follow the treatment plans and instructions you and your doctors agree on.
Make sure your doctors know all the drugs you’re taking, including over‑the‑counter drugs,
○
vitamins, and supplements.
If you have questions, be sure to ask and get an answer you can understand.
○
• Be considerate. We expect our members to respect the rights of other patients. We also expect you
to act in a way that helps the smooth running of your doctor’s office, hospitals, and other offices.
• Pay what you owe. As a plan member, you’re responsible for these payments:
You must continue to pay your Medicare Part B premiums to stay a member of our plan.
○
For most of your medical services or drugs covered by our plan, you must pay your share of
○
the cost when you get the service or drug.
If you’re required to pay the extra amount for Part D because of your yearly income, you must
○
pay the extra amount directly to the government to stay a member of our plan.
• If you move within our plan service area, we need to know so we can keep your membership
record up to date and know how to contact you.
• If you move outside our plan service area, you can’t stay a member of our plan.
• If you move, tell Social Security (or the Railroad Retirement Board).

CHAPTER 9:
If you have a problem or complaint (coverage
decisions, appeals, complaints)
SECTION 1 What to do if you have a problem or concern
This chapter explains 2 types of processes for handling problems and concerns:
• For some problems, you need to use the process for coverage decisions and appeals.
• For other problems, you need to use the process for making complaints (also called grievances).
Both processes have been approved by Medicare. Each process has a set of rules, procedures, and
deadlines that must be followed by us and by you.
The information in this chapter will help you identify the right process to use and what to do.
Section 1.1 Legal terms
There are legal terms for some of the rules, procedures, and types of deadlines explained in this chapter.
Many of these terms are unfamiliar to most people. To make things easier, this chapter uses more familiar
words in place of some legal terms.
However, it’s sometimes important to know the correct legal terms. To help you know which terms to use
to get the right help or information, we include these legal terms when we give details for handling specific
situations.
SECTION 2 Where to get more information and personalized help
We're always available to help you. Even if you have a complaint about our treatment of you, we're
obligated to honor your right to complain. You should always call Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670
(TTY users call 711) for help. In some situations, you may always want help or guidance from someone who
isn't connected with us. Two organizations that can help you are:
State Health Insurance Assistance Program (SHIP)
Each state has a government program with trained counselors. The program is not connected with us or
with any insurance company or health plan. The counselors at this program can help you understand
which process you should use to handle a problem you’re having. They can also answer questions, give
you more information, and offer guidance on what to do.
The services of SHIP counselors are free. You will find phone numbers and website URLs in Appendix A at
the back of this document.
Medicare
You can also contact Medicare help.
• Call 1‑800‑MEDICARE (1‑800‑633‑4227). TTY users call 1‑877‑486‑2048.
• Visit Medicare.gov.
SECTION 3 Which process to use for your problem
Is your problem or concern about your benefits or coverage?
This includes problems about whether medical care (medical items, services, and/or Part B drugs)
are covered or not, the way they’re covered, and problems related to payment for medical care.

126 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 9. If you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
Yes.
Go to Section 4, A guide to coverage decisions and appeals.
No.
Go to Section 10, How to make a complaint about quality of care, waiting times, customer
service or other concerns.
Coverage decisions and appeals
SECTION 4 A guide to coverage decisions and appeals
Coverage decisions and appeals deal with problems related to your benefits and coverage for your
medical care (services, items, and Part B drugs, including payment). To keep things simple, we generally
refer to medical items, services, and Medicare Part B drugs as medical care. You use the coverage
decision and appeals process for issues such as whether something is covered or not and the way in
which something is covered.
Asking for coverage decisions before you get services
If you want to know if we’ll cover medical care before you get it, you can ask us to make a coverage
decision for you. A coverage decision is a decision we make about your benefits and coverage or about
the amount we’ll pay for your medical care. For example, if our plan network doctor refers you to a
medical specialist not inside the network, this referral is considered a favorable coverage decision unless
either you or your network doctor can show that you got a standard denial notice for this medical
specialist, or the Evidence of Coverage makes it clear that the referred service is never covered under any
condition. You or your doctor can also contact us and ask for a coverage decision if your doctor is unsure
whether we’ll cover a particular medical service or refuses to provide medical care you think you need.
In limited circumstances a request for a coverage decision will be dismissed, which means we won’t
review the request. Examples of when a request will be dismissed include if the request is incomplete, if
someone makes the request on your behalf but isn’t legally authorized to do so or if you ask for your
request to be withdrawn. If we dismiss a request for a coverage decision, we’ll send a notice explaining
why the request was dismissed and how to ask for a review of the dismissal.
We make a coverage decision whenever we decide what’s covered for you and how much we pay. In
some cases, we might decide medical care isn’t covered or is no longer covered for you. If you disagree
with this coverage decision, you can make an appeal.
Making an appeal
If we make a coverage decision, whether before or after you get a benefit, and you aren’t satisfied, you can
appeal the decision. An appeal is a formal way of asking us to review and change a coverage decision we
made. Under certain circumstances, you can ask for an expedited or fast appeal of a coverage decision.
Your appeal is handled by different reviewers than those who made the original decision.
When you appeal a decision for the first time, this is called a Level 1 appeal. In this appeal, we review the
coverage decision we made to check to see if we properly followed the rules. When we complete the
review, we give you our decision.
In limited circumstances a request for a Level 1 appeal will be dismissed, which means we won’t review the
request. Examples of when a request will be dismissed include if the request is incomplete, if someone

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 127
Chapter 9. If you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
makes the request on your behalf but isn’t legally authorized to do so, or if you ask for your request to be
withdrawn. If we dismiss a request for a Level 1 appeal, we’ll send a notice explaining why the request was
dismissed and how to ask for a review of the dismissal.
If we say no to all or part of your Level 1 appeal for medical care, your appeal will automatically go on to a
Level 2 appeal conducted by an independent review organization not connected to us.
• You don’t need to do anything to start a Level 2 appeal. Medicare rules require we automatically
send your appeal for medical care to Level 2 if we don’t fully agree with your Level 1 appeal.
• Go to Section 5.4 for more information about Level 2 appeals for medical care.
• Part D appeals are discussed further in Section 6.
If you aren’t satisfied with the decision at the Level 2 appeal, you may be able to continue through
additional levels of appeal (this chapter explains the Level 3, 4, and 5 appeals processes).
Section 4.1 Get help asking for a coverage decision or making an appeal
Here are resources if you decide to ask for any kind of coverage decision or appeal a decision:
• Call Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users call 711).
• Get free help from your State Health Insurance Assistance Program (SHIP).
• Your doctor can make a request for you. If your doctor helps with an appeal past Level 2, they
need to be appointed as your representative. Call Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users
call 711) and ask for the Appointment of Representative form. (The form is also available at
www.CMS.gov/Medicare/CMS-Forms/CMS-Forms/downloads/cms1696.pdf.)
For medical care or Part B drugs, your doctor can ask for a coverage decision or a Level 1
○
appeal on your behalf. If your appeal is denied at Level 1, it will be automatically forwarded to
Level 2.
For Part D drugs, your doctor or other prescriber can ask for a coverage decision or a Level 1
○
appeal on your behalf. If your Level 1 appeal is denied, your doctor or prescriber can ask for a
Level 2 appeal.
• You can ask someone to act on your behalf. You can name another person to act for you as your
representative to ask for a coverage decision or make an appeal.
If you want a friend, relative, or other person to be your representative, call Member Services
○
at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users call 711) and ask for the Appointment of Representative form.
(The form is also available at www.CMS.gov/Medicare/CMS-Forms/CMS-
Forms/downloads/cms1696.pdf.) This form gives that person permission to act on your
behalf. It must be signed by you and by the person you want to act on your behalf. You must
give us a copy of the signed form.
We can accept an appeal request from a representative without the form, but we can’t
○
complete our review until we get it. If we don’t get the form before our deadline for making a
decision on your appeal, your appeal request will be dismissed. If this happens, we’ll send you
a written notice explaining your right to ask the independent review organization to review our
decision to dismiss your appeal.
• You also have the right to hire a lawyer. You can contact your own lawyer, or get the name of a
lawyer from your local bar association or other referral service. There are groups that will give you
free legal services if you qualify. However, you aren’t required to hire a lawyer to ask for any kind
of coverage decision or appeal a decision.
Section 4.2 Rules and deadlines for different situations
There are 4 different situations that involve coverage decisions and appeals. Each situation has different
rules and deadlines. We give the details for each of these situations:

128 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 9. If you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
• Section 5: Medical care: How to ask for a coverage decision or make an appeal
• Section 6: Part D drugs: How to ask for a coverage decision or make an appeal
• Section 7: How to ask us to cover a longer inpatient hospital stay if you think you’re being
discharged too soon
• Section 8: How to ask us to keep covering certain medical services if you think your coverage is
ending too soon (Applies only to these services: home health care, skilled nursing facility care, and
Comprehensive Outpatient Rehabilitation Facility (CORF) services)
If you’re not sure which information applies to you, call Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users
call 711). You can also get help or information from your State Health Insurance Assistance Program
(SHIP).
SECTION 5 Medical care: How to ask for a coverage decision or make an appeal
Section 5.1 What to do if you have problems getting coverage for medical care or want us to
pay you back for our share of the cost of your care
Your benefits for medical care are described in Chapter 4 in the Medical Benefits Chart. In some cases,
different rules apply to a request for a Part B drug. In those cases, we’ll explain how the rules for Part B
drugs are different from the rules for medical items and services.
This section tells what you can do if you’re in any of the 5 following situations:
1. You aren’t getting certain medical care you want, and you believe this is covered by our plan. Ask
for a coverage decision. Section 5.2.
2. Our plan won’t approve the medical care your doctor or other medical provider wants to give you,
and you believe this care is covered by our plan. Ask for a coverage decision. Section 5.2.
3. You got medical care that you believe should be covered by our plan, but we have said we won’t pay
for this care. Make an appeal. Section 5.3.
4. You got and paid for medical care that you believe should be covered by our plan, and you want to
ask our plan to reimburse you for this care. Send us the bill. Section 5.5.
5. You’re told that coverage for certain medical care you’ve been getting that we previously approved
will be reduced or stopped, and you believe that reducing or stopping this care could harm your
health. Make an appeal. Section 5.3.
Note: If the coverage that will be stopped is for hospital care, home health care, skilled nursing
facility care, or Comprehensive Outpatient Rehabilitation Facility (CORF) services, go to Sections 7
and 8. Special rules apply to these types of care.
Section 5.2 How to ask for a coverage decision
Legal Terms:
A coverage decision that involves your medical care is called an organization determination.
A fast coverage decision is called an expedited determination.
Step 1: Decide if you need a standard coverage decision or a fast coverage decision.
A standard coverage decision is usually made within 7 calendar days when the medical item or
service is subject to our prior authorization rules, 14 calendar days for all other medical items and
services, or 72 hours for Part B drugs. A fast coverage decision is generally made within 72 hours, for
medical services, or 24 hours for Part B drugs. To get a fast coverage decision, you must meet 2

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 129
Chapter 9. If you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
requirements:
• You may only ask for coverage for medical items and/or services (not requests for payment for
items and/or services you already got).
• You can get a fast coverage decision only if using the standard deadlines could cause serious harm
to your health or hurt your ability to regain function.
• If your doctor tells us that your health requires a fast coverage decision, we’ll automatically
agree to give you a fast coverage decision.
• If you ask for a fast coverage decision on your own, without your doctor’s support, we’ll decide
whether your health requires that we give you a fast coverage decision. If we don't approve a
fast coverage decision, we'll send you a letter that:
Explains that we’ll use the standard deadlines.
○
Explains that if your doctor asks for the fast coverage decision, we’ll automatically give you a
○
fast coverage decision.
Explains that you can file a fast complaint about our decision to give you a standard coverage
○
decision instead of the fast coverage decision asked for.
Step 2: Ask our plan to make a coverage decision or fast coverage decision.
• Start by calling, writing, or faxing our plan to make your request for us to authorize or provide
coverage for the medical care you want. You, your doctor, or your representative can do this.
Chapter 2 has contact information.
Step 3: We consider your request for medical care coverage and give you our answer.
For standard coverage decisions we use the standard deadlines.
This means we’ll give you an answer within 7 calendar days after we get your request for a medical
item or service that is subject to our prior authorization rules. If your requested medical item or
service is not subject to our prior authorization rules, we’ll give you an answer within 14 calendar
days after we get your request. If your request is for a Part B drug, we’ll give you an answer within 72
hours after we get your request.
• However, if you ask for more time, or if we need more information that may benefit you, we can
take up to 14 more calendar days if your request is for a medical item or service. If we take extra
days, we’ll tell you in writing. We can’t take extra time to make a decision if your request is for a Part
B drug.
• If you believe we shouldn’t take extra days, you can file a fast complaint. We’ll give you an answer to
your complaint as soon as we make the decision. (The process for making a complaint is different
from the process for coverage decisions and appeals. Go to Section 10 of this chapter for
information on complaints.)
For fast coverage decisions we use an expedited timeframe.
A fast coverage decision means we’ll answer within 72 hours if your request is for a medical item or
service. If your request is for a Part B drug, we’ll answer within 24 hours.
• However, if you ask for more time, or if we need more information that may benefit you, we can
take up to 14 more calendar days, if your request is for a medical item or service. If we take extra
days, we’ll tell you in writing. We can’t take extra time to make a decision if your request is for a Part
B drug.
• If you believe we shouldn’t take extra days, you can file a fast complaint. (Go to Section 10 for
information on complaints.) We’ll call you as soon as we make the decision.
• If our answer is no to part or all of what you asked for, we’ll send you a written statement that

130 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 9. If you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
explains why we said no.
Step 4: If we say no to your request for coverage for medical care, you can appeal.
• If we say no, you have the right to ask us to reconsider this decision by making an appeal. This
means asking again to get the medical care coverage you want. If you make an appeal, it means
you’re going on to Level 1 of the appeals process.
Section 5.3 How to make a Level 1 appeal
Legal Terms:
An appeal to our plan about a medical care coverage decision is called a plan reconsideration.
A fast appeal is also called an expedited reconsideration.
Step 1: Decide if you need a standard appeal or a fast appeal.
A standard appeal is usually made within 30 calendar days or 7 calendar days for Part B drugs. A fast
appeal is generally made within 72 hours.
• If you’re appealing a decision we made about coverage for care, you and/or your doctor need to
decide if you need a fast appeal. If your doctor tells us that your health requires a fast appeal, we’ll
give you a fast appeal.
• The requirements for getting a fast appeal are the same as those for getting a fast coverage decision
in Section 5.2.
Step 2: Ask our plan for an appeal or a fast appeal
• If you’re asking for a standard appeal, submit your standard appeal in writing. Chapter 2 has
contact information.
• If you’re asking for a fast appeal, make your appeal in writing or call us. Chapter 2 has contact
information.
• You must make your appeal request within 65 calendar days from the date on the written notice
we sent to tell you our answer on the coverage decision. If you miss this deadline and have a good
reason for missing it, explain the reason your appeal is late when you make your appeal. We may
give you more time to make your appeal. Examples of good cause may include a serious illness that
prevented you from contacting us or if we provided you with incorrect or incomplete information
about the deadline for asking for an appeal.
• You can ask for a copy of the information regarding your medical decision. You and your doctor
may add more information to support your appeal.
Step 3: We consider your appeal and we give you our answer.
• When our plan is reviewing your appeal, we take a careful look at all the information. We check to
see if we were following all the rules when we said no to your request.
• We’ll gather more information if needed and may contact you or your doctor.
Deadlines for a fast appeal
• For fast appeals, we must give you our answer within 72 hours after we get your appeal. We’ll give
you our answer sooner if your health requires us to.
If you ask for more time, or if we need more information that may benefit you, we can take up
○

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 131
Chapter 9. If you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
to 14 more calendar days if your request is for a medical item or service. If we take extra days,
we’ll tell you in writing. We can’t take extra time if your request is for a Part B drug.
If we don’t give you an answer within 72 hours (or by the end of the extended time period if we
○
took extra days), we’re required to automatically send your request to Level 2 of the appeals
process, where it will be reviewed by an independent review organization. Section 5.4 explains
the Level 2 appeals process.
• If our answer is yes to part or all of what you asked for, we must authorize or provide the coverage
we agreed to within 72 hours after we get your appeal.
• If our answer is no to part or all of what you asked for, we’ll send you our decision in writing and
automatically forward your appeal to the independent review organization for a Level 2 appeal. The
independent review organization will notify you in writing when it gets your appeal.
Deadlines for a standard appeal
• For standard appeals, we must give you our answer within 30 calendar days after we get your
appeal. If your request is for a Part B drug you didn’t get yet, we’ll give you our answer within 7
calendar days after we get your appeal. We’ll give you our decision sooner if your health condition
requires us to.
However, if you ask for more time, or if we need more information that may benefit you, we
○
can take up to 14 more calendar days if your request is for a medical item or service. If we
take extra days, we’ll tell you in writing. We can’t take extra time to make a decision if your
request is for a Part B drug.
If you believe we shouldn’t take extra days, you can file a fast complaint. When you file a fast
○
complaint, we’ll give you an answer to your complaint within 24 hours. (Go to Section 10 of this
chapter for information on complaints.)
If we don’t give you an answer by the deadline (or by the end of the extended time period),
○
we’ll send your request to a Level 2 appeal, where an independent review organization will
review the appeal. Section 5.4 explains the Level 2 appeal process.
• If our answer is yes to part or all of what you asked for, we must authorize or provide the coverage
within 30 calendar days if your request is for a medical item or service, or within 7 calendar days if
your request is for a Part B drug.
• If our plan says no to part or all of your appeal, we’ll automatically send your appeal to the
independent review organization for a Level 2 appeal.
Section 5.4 The Level 2 appeal process
Legal Term:
The formal name for the independent review organization is the Independent Review Entity. It’s
sometimes called the IRE.
The independent review organization is an independent organization hired by Medicare. It isn’t
connected with us and isn’t a government agency. This organization decides whether the decision we
made is correct or if it should be changed. Medicare oversees its work.
Step 1: The independent review organization reviews your appeal.
• We’ll send the information about your appeal to this organization. This information is called your
case file. You have the right to ask us for a copy of your case file.
• You have a right to give the independent review organization additional information to support your
appeal.
• Reviewers at the independent review organization will take a careful look at all the information about
your appeal.
If you had a fast appeal at Level 1, you’ll also have a fast appeal at Level 2.

132 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 9. If you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
• For the fast appeal, the independent review organization must give you an answer to your Level 2
appeal within 72 hours of when it gets your appeal.
• If your request is for a medical item or service and the independent review organization needs to
gather more information that may benefit you, it can take up to 14 more calendar days. The
independent review organization can’t take extra time to make a decision if your request is for a Part
B drug.
If you had a standard appeal at Level 1, you’ll also have a standard appeal at Level 2.
• For the standard appeal, if your request is for a medical item or service, the independent review
organization must give you an answer to your Level 2 appeal within 30 calendar days of when it
gets your appeal. If your request is for a Part B drug, the independent review organization must give
you an answer to your Level 2 appeal within 7 calendar days of when it gets your appeal.
• If your request is for a medical item or service and the independent review organization needs to
gather more information that may benefit you, it can take up to 14 more calendar days. The
independent review organization can’t take extra time to make a decision if your request is for a Part
B drug.
Step 2: The independent review organization gives you its answer.
The independent review organization will tell you its decision in writing and explain the reasons for it.
• If the independent review organization says yes to part or all of a request for a medical item or
service, we must authorize the medical care coverage within 72 hours or provide the service within
14 calendar days after we get the decision from the independent review organization for standard
requests. For expedited requests, we have 72 hours from the date we receive the decision from the
independent review organization.
• If the independent review organization says yes to part or all of a request for a Part B drug, we
must authorize or provide the Part B drug within 72 hours after we get the decision from the
independent review organization for standard requests. For expedited requests, we have 24
hours from the date we get the decision from the independent review organization.
• If this organization says no to part or all of your appeal, it means they agree with us that your
request (or part of your request) for coverage for medical care shouldn’t be approved. (This is called
upholding the decision or turning down your appeal.) In this case, the independent review
organization will send you a letter that:
Explains the decision.
○
Lets you know about your right to a Level 3 appeal if the dollar value of the medical care
○
coverage meets a certain minimum. The written notice you get from the independent review
organization will tell you the dollar amount you must meet to continue the appeals process.
Tells you how to file a Level 3 appeal.
○
Step 3: If your case meets the requirements, you choose whether you want to take your appeal
further.
• There are 3 additional levels in the appeals process after Level 2 (for a total of 5 levels of appeal). If
you want to go to a Level 3 appeal, the details on how to do this are in the written notice you get after
your Level 2 appeal.
• The Level 3 appeal is handled by an Administrative Law Judge or attorney adjudicator. Section 9
explains the Level 3, 4, and 5 appeals processes.
Section 5.5 If you’re asking us to pay for our share of a bill you got for medical care
Chapter 7 describes when you may need to ask for reimbursement or to pay a bill you got from a provider.
It also tells how to send us the paperwork that asks us for payment.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 133
Chapter 9. If you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
Asking for reimbursement is asking for a coverage decision from us
If you send us the paperwork asking for reimbursement, you’re asking for a coverage decision. To make
this decision, we’ll check to see if the medical care you paid for is covered. We’ll also check to see if you
followed the rules for using your coverage for medical care.
• If we say yes to your request: If the medical care is covered and you followed the rules, we’ll send
you the payment for our share of cost typically within 30 calendar days, but no later than 60
calendar days after we get your request. If you haven’t paid for the medical care, we’ll send the
payment directly to the provider.
• If we say no to your request: If the medical care is not covered, or you did not follow all the rules,
we won’t send payment. Instead, we’ll send you a letter that says we won’t pay for the medical care
and the reasons why.
If you don’t agree with our decision to turn you down, you can make an appeal. If you make an appeal, it
means you’re asking us to change the coverage decision we made when we turned down your request for
payment.
To make this appeal, follow the process for appeals in Section 5.3. For appeals concerning
reimbursement, note:
• We must give you our answer within 60 calendar days after we get your appeal. If you’re asking us to
pay you back for medical care you already got and paid for, you aren’t allowed to ask for a fast
appeal.
• If the independent review organization decides we should pay, we must send you or the provider the
payment within 30 calendar days. If the answer to your appeal is yes at any stage of the appeals
process after Level 2, we must send the payment you asked for to you or the provider within 60
calendar days.
SECTION 6 Part D drugs: How to ask for a coverage decision or make an appeal
Section 6.1 What to do if you have problems getting a Part D drug or you want us to pay you
back for a Part D drug
Your benefits include coverage for many prescription drugs. To be covered, the drug must be used for a
medically accepted indication. (Go to Chapter 5 for more information about a medically accepted
indication.) For details about Part D drugs, rules, restrictions, and costs go to Chapters 5 and 6. This
section is about your Part D drugs only. To keep things simple, we generally say drug in the rest of this
section, instead of repeating covered outpatient prescription drug or Part D drug every time. We also use
the term Drug List instead of List of Covered Drugs or formulary.
• If you don’t know if a drug is covered or if you meet the rules, you can ask us. Some drugs require
you to get approval from us before we’ll cover it.
• If your pharmacy tells you that your prescription can’t be filled as written, the pharmacy will give you
a written notice explaining how to contact us to ask for a coverage decision.
Part D coverage decisions and appeals
Legal Term:
An initial coverage decision about your Part D drugs is called a coverage determination.
A coverage decision is a decision we make about your benefits and coverage or about the amount we’ll
pay for your drugs. This section tells you what you can do if you’re in any of the following situations:

134 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 9. If you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
• Asking to cover a Part D drug that’s not on our plan’s Drug List. Ask for an exception. Section 6.2
• Asking to waive a restriction on our plan’s coverage for a drug (such as limits on the amount of the
drug you can get, prior authorization criteria, or the requirement to try another drug first). Ask for an
exception. Section 6.2
• Asking to pay a lower cost‑sharing amount for a covered drug on a higher cost‑sharing tier. Ask for
an exception. Section 6.2
• Asking to get pre‑approval for a drug. Ask for a coverage decision. Section 6.4
• Pay for a prescription drug you already bought. Ask us to pay you back. Section 6.4
If you disagree with a coverage decision we made, you can appeal our decision.
This section tells you how to ask for coverage decisions and how to ask for an appeal.
Section 6.2 Asking for an exception
Legal Terms:
Asking for coverage of a drug that’s not on the Drug List is a formulary exception.
Asking for removal of a restriction on coverage for a drug is a formulary exception.
Asking to pay a lower price for a covered non‑preferred drug is a tiering exception.
If a drug isn’t covered in the way you’d like it to be covered, you can ask us to make an exception. An
exception is a type of coverage decision.
For us to consider your exception request, your doctor or other prescriber will need to explain the medical
reasons why you need the exception approved. Here are 3 examples of exceptions that you or your doctor
or other prescriber can ask us to make:
1. Covering a Part D drug that’s not on our Drug List. If we agree to cover a drug not on the Drug List,
you’ll need to pay the cost‑sharing amount that applies to drugs in Tier 4. You can’t ask for an
exception to the cost‑sharing amount we require you to pay for the drug.
2. Removing a restriction for a covered drug. Chapter 5 describes the extra rules or restrictions that
apply to certain drugs on our Drug List. If we agree to make an exception and waive a restriction for
you, you can ask for an exception to the cost‑sharing amount we require you to pay for the drug.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 135
Chapter 9. If you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
3. Changing coverage of a drug to a lower cost‑sharing tier. Every drug on our Drug List is in one of 5
cost‑sharing tiers. In general, the lower the cost‑sharing tier number, the less you pay as your share of
the cost of the drug.
• If our Drug List contains alternative drug(s) for treating your medical condition that are in a
lower cost‑sharing tier than your drug, you can ask us to cover your drug at the cost‑sharing
amount that applies to the alternative drug(s).
• If the drug you’re taking is a brand name drug you can ask us to cover your drug at the
cost‑sharing amount that applies to the lowest tier that contains brand name alternatives for
treating your condition.
• If the drug you’re taking is a generic drug you can ask us to cover your drug at the cost‑sharing
amount that applies to the lowest tier that contains either brand or generic alternatives for
treating your condition.
• You can’t ask us to change the cost‑sharing tier for any drug in Tier 5 Specialty.
• If we approve your tiering exception request and there is more than one lower cost‑sharing tier
with alternative drugs you can’t take, you usually pay the lowest amount.
Section 6.3 Important things to know about asking for exceptions
Your doctor must tell us the medical reasons
Your doctor or other prescriber must give us a statement that explains the medical reasons you’re asking
for an exception. For a faster decision, include this medical information from your doctor or other
prescriber when you ask for the exception.
Our Drug List typically includes more than one drug for treating a particular condition. These different
possibilities are called alternative drugs. If an alternative drug would be just as effective as the drug
you’re requesting and wouldn’t cause more side effects or other health problems, we generally
won’t approve your request for an exception. If you ask us for a tiering exception, we generally
won’t approve your request for an exception unless all the alternative drugs in the lower cost‑sharing
tier(s) won’t work as well for you or are likely to cause an adverse reaction or other harm.
We can say yes or no to your request
• If we approve your request for an exception, our approval usually is valid until the end of our plan
year. This is true as long as your doctor continues to prescribe the drug for you and that drug
continues to be safe and effective for treating your condition.
• If we say no to your request, you can ask for another review by making an appeal.
Section 6.4 How to ask for a coverage decision, including an exception
Legal Term:
A fast coverage decision is called an expedited coverage determination.
Step 1: Decide if you need a standard coverage decision or a fast coverage decision.
Standard coverage decisions are made within 72 hours after we get your doctor’s statement. Fast
coverage decisions are made within 24 hours after we get your doctor’s statement.
If your health requires it, ask us to give you a fast coverage decision. To get a fast coverage decision,
you must meet 2 requirements:
• You must be asking for a drug you didn’t get yet. (You can’t ask for fast coverage decision to be paid

136 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 9. If you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
back for a drug you have already bought.)
• Using the standard deadlines could cause serious harm to your health or hurt your ability to function.
• If your doctor or other prescriber tells us that your health requires a fast coverage decision,
we’ll automatically give you a fast coverage decision.
• If you ask for a fast coverage decision on your own, without your doctor or prescriber’s support,
we’ll decide whether your health requires that we give you a fast coverage decision. If we don’t
approve a fast coverage decision, we’ll send you a letter that:
Explains that we’ll use the standard deadlines.
○
Explains if your doctor or other prescriber asks for the fast coverage decision, we’ll
○
automatically give you a fast coverage decision.
Tells you how you can file a fast complaint about our decision to give you a standard coverage
○
decision instead of the fast coverage decision you asked for. We’ll answer your complaint
within 24 hours of receipt.
Step 2: Ask for a standard coverage decision or a fast coverage decision.
Start by calling, writing, or faxing our plan to ask us to authorize or provide coverage for the medical care
you want. You can also access the coverage decision process through our website. We must accept any
written request, including a request submitted on the CMS Model Coverage Determination Request Form
or on our plan’s form which is available on our website (Aetna.com/medicare/contact-us/appeals-
grievances.html). Chapter 2 has contact information. To help us process your request, include your
name, contact information, and information that shows which denied claim is being appealed.
You, your doctor, (or other prescriber) or your representative can do this. You can also have a lawyer act
on your behalf. Section 4 tells how you can give written permission to someone else to act as your
representative.
• If you’re asking for an exception, provide the supporting statement, which is the medical reasons
for the exception. Your doctor or other prescriber can fax or mail the statement to us. Or your doctor
or other prescriber can tell us on the phone and follow up by faxing or mailing a written statement if
necessary.
Step 3: We consider your request and give you our answer.
Deadlines for a fast coverage decision
• We must generally give you our answer within 24 hours after we get your request.
For exceptions, we’ll give you our answer within 24 hours after we get your doctor’s supporting
○
statement. We’ll give you our answer sooner if your health requires us to.
If we don’t meet this deadline, we’re required to send your request to Level 2 of the appeals
○
process, where it'll be reviewed by an independent review organization.
• If our answer is yes to part or all of what you asked for, we must provide the coverage we agreed
to within 24 hours after we get your request or doctor’s statement supporting your request.
• If our answer is no to part or all of what you asked for, we’ll send you a written statement that
explains why we said no. We’ll also tell you how you can appeal.
Deadlines for a standard coverage decision about a drug you didn’t get yet
• We must generally give you our answer within 72 hours after we get your request.
For exceptions, we’ll give you our answer within 72 hours after we get your doctor’s supporting
○
statement. We’ll give you our answer sooner if your health requires us to.
If we don’t meet this deadline, we’re required to send your request to Level 2 of the appeals
○
process, where it’ll be reviewed by an independent review organization.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 137
Chapter 9. If you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
• If our answer is yes to part or all of what you asked for, we must provide the coverage we agreed
to within 72 hours after we get your request or doctor’s statement supporting your request.
• If our answer is no to part or all of what you asked for, we'll send you a written statement that
explains why we said no. We'll also tell you how you can appeal.
Deadlines for a standard coverage decision about payment for a drug you have already bought
• We must give you our answer within 14 calendar days after we get your request.
If we don’t meet this deadline, we’re required to send your request to Level 2 of the appeals
○
process, where it will be reviewed by an independent review organization.
• If our answer is yes to part or all of what you asked for, we’re also required to make payment to
you within 14 calendar days after we get your request.
• If our answer is no to part or all of what you asked for, we’ll send you a written statement that
explains why we said no. We’ll also tell you how you can appeal.
Step 4: If we say no to your coverage request, you can make an appeal.
• If we say no, you have the right to ask us to reconsider this decision by making an appeal. This
means asking again to get the drug coverage you want. If you make an appeal, it means you’re
going to Level 1 of the appeals process.
Section 6.5 How to make a Level 1 appeal
Legal Terms:
An appeal to our plan about a Part D drug coverage decision is called a plan redetermination.
A fast appeal is called an expedited redetermination.
Step 1: Decide if you need a standard appeal or a fast appeal.
A standard appeal is usually made within 7 calendar days. A fast appeal is generally made within 72
hours. If your health requires it, ask for a fast appeal.
• If you’re appealing a decision we made about a drug you didn’t get yet, you and your doctor or
other prescriber will need to decide if you need a fast appeal.
• The requirements for getting a fast appeal are the same as those for getting a fast coverage
decision in Section 6.4 of this chapter.
Step 2: You, your representative, doctor, or other prescriber must contact us and make your Level 1
appeal. If your health requires a quick response, you must ask for a fast appeal.
• For standard appeals, submit a written request or call us. Chapter 2 has contact information.
• For fast appeals, either submit your appeal in writing or call us. Chapter 2 has contact
information.
• We must accept any written request, including a request submitted on the CMS Model Coverage
Redetermination Request Form, which is available on our website (Aetna.com/medicare/contact-
us/appeals-grievances.html). Include your name, contact information, and information about your
claim to help us process your request.
• You must make your appeal request within 65 calendar days from the date on the written notice
we sent to tell you our answer on the coverage decision. If you miss this deadline and have a good
reason for missing it, explain the reason your appeal is late when you make your appeal. We may
give you more time to make your appeal. Examples of good cause may include a serious illness that

138 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 9. If you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
prevented you from contacting us or if we provided you with incorrect or incomplete information
about the deadline for requesting an appeal.
• You can ask for a copy of the information in your appeal and add more information. You and your
doctor may add more information to support your appeal.
Step 3: We consider your appeal and give you our answer.
• When we review your appeal, we take another careful look at all the information about your
coverage request. We check to see if we were following all the rules when we said no to your
request. We may contact you or your doctor or other prescriber to get more information.
Deadlines for a fast appeal
• For fast appeals, we must give you our answer within 72 hours after we get your appeal. We’ll give
you our answer sooner if your health requires us to.
If we don’t give you an answer within 72 hours, we’re required to send your request to Level 2
○
of the appeals process, where it will be reviewed by an independent review organization.
Section 6.6 explains the Level 2 appeal process.
• If our answer is yes to part or all of what you asked for, we must provide the coverage we agreed
to within 72 hours after we get your appeal.
• If our answer is no to part or all of what you asked for, we'll send you a written statement that
explains why we said no and how you can appeal our decision.
Deadlines for a standard appeal for a drug you didn’t get yet
• For standard appeals, we must give you our answer within 7 calendar days after we get your
appeal. We’ll give you our decision sooner if you didn’t get the drug yet and your health condition
requires us to do so.
If we don’t give you a decision within 7 calendar days, we’re required to send your request to
○
Level 2 of the appeals process, where it will be reviewed by an independent review
organization. Section 6.6 explains the Level 2 appeal process.
• If our answer is yes to part or all of what you asked for, we must provide the coverage as quickly
as your health requires, but no later than 7 calendar days after we get your appeal.
• If our answer is no to part or all of what you asked for, we’ll send you a written statement that
explains why we said no and how you can appeal our decision.
Deadlines for a standard appeal about payment for a drug you already bought
• We must give you our answer within 14 calendar days after we get your request.
If we don’t meet this deadline, we’re required to send your request to Level 2 of the appeals
○
process, where it will be reviewed by an independent review organization.
• If our answer is yes to part or all of what you asked for, we’re also required to make payment to
you within 30 calendar days after we get your request.
• If our answer is no to part or all of what you asked for, we’ll send you a written statement that
explains why we said no. We’ll also tell you how you can appeal.
Step 4: If we say no to your appeal, you decide if you want to continue with the appeals process and
make another appeal.
• If you decide to make another appeal, it means your appeal is going on to Level 2 of the appeals
process.
Section 6.6 How to make a Level 2 appeal

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 139
Chapter 9. If you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
Legal Term:
The formal name for the independent review organization is the Independent Review Entity. It is
sometimes called the IRE.
The independent review organization is an independent organization hired by Medicare. It is not
connected with us and is not a government agency. This organization decides whether the decision we
made is correct or if it should be changed. Medicare oversees its work.
Step 1: You (or your representative or your doctor or other prescriber) must contact the independent
review organization and ask for a review of your case.
• If we say no to your Level 1 appeal, the written notice we send you will include instructions on how
to make a Level 2 appeal with the independent review organization. These instructions will tell who
can make this Level 2 appeal, what deadlines you must follow, and how to reach the independent
review organization.
• You must make your appeal request within 65 calendar days from the date on the written notice.
• If we did not complete our review within the applicable timeframe or make an unfavorable decision
regarding an at‑risk determination under our drug management program, we’ll automatically
forward your request to the IRE.
• We’ll send the information about your appeal to the independent review organization. This
information is called your case file. You have the right to ask us for a copy of your case file.
• You have a right to give the independent review organization additional information to support your
appeal.
Step 2: The independent review organization reviews your appeal.
Reviewers at the independent review organization will take a careful look at all the information about your
appeal.
Deadlines for fast appeal
• If your health requires it, ask the independent review organization for a fast appeal.
• If the organization agrees to give you a fast appeal, the organization must give you an answer to your
Level 2 appeal within 72 hours after it gets your appeal request.
Deadlines for standard appeal
• For standard appeals, the independent review organization must give you an answer to your Level 2
appeal within 7 calendar days after it gets your appeal if it is for a drug you didn’t get yet. If you’re
asking us to pay you back for a drug you already bought, the independent review organization must
give you an answer to your Level 2 appeal within 14 calendar days after it gets your request.
Step 3: The independent review organization gives you its answer.
For fast appeals:
If the independent review organization says yes to part or all of what you asked for, we must
■
provide the drug coverage that was approved by the independent review organization within 24
hours after we get the decision from the independent review organization.
For standard appeals:
If the independent review organization says yes to part or all of your request for coverage, we
■

140 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 9. If you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
must provide the drug coverage that was approved by the independent review organization within
72 hours after we get the decision from the independent review organization.
If the independent review organization says yes to part or all of your request to pay you back for
■
a drug you already bought, we’re required to send payment to you within 30 calendar days after
we get the decision from the independent review organization.
What if the independent review organization says no to your appeal?
If this organization says no to part or all of your appeal, it means they agree with our decision not to
approve your request (or part of your request). (This is called upholding the decision. It’s also called
turning down your appeal.) In this case, the independent review organization will send you a letter that:
• Explains the decision.
• Lets you know about your right to a Level 3 appeal if the dollar value of the drug coverage you’re
asking for meets a certain minimum. If the dollar value of the drug coverage you’re asking for is too
low, you can’t make another appeal and the decision at Level 2 is final.
• Tells you the dollar value that must be in dispute to continue with the appeals process.
Step 4: If your case meets the requirements, you choose whether you want to take your appeal
further.
• There are 3 additional levels in the appeals process after Level 2 (for a total of 5 levels of appeal).
• If you want to go on to a Level 3 appeal, the details on how to do this are in the written notice you get
after your Level 2 appeal decision.
• The Level 3 appeal is handled by an Administrative Law Judge or attorney adjudicator. Section 9 in
this chapter tells more about Levels 3, 4, and 5 of the appeals process.
SECTION 7 How to ask us to cover a longer inpatient hospital stay if you think you’re
being discharged too soon
When you’re admitted to a hospital, you have the right to get all covered hospital services necessary to
diagnose and treat your illness or injury.
During your covered hospital stay, your doctor and the hospital staff will work with you to prepare for the
day you leave the hospital. They’ll help arrange for care you may need after you leave.
• The day you leave the hospital is called your discharge date.
• When your discharge date is decided, your doctor or the hospital staff will tell you.
• If you think you’re being asked to leave the hospital too soon, you can ask for a longer hospital stay
and your request will be considered.
Section 7.1 During your inpatient hospital stay, you’ll get a written notice from Medicare that
tells you about your rights
Within 2 calendar days of being admitted to the hospital, you’ll be given a written notice called An
Important Message from Medicare about Your Rights. Everyone with Medicare gets a copy of this notice. If
you don’t get the notice from someone at the hospital (for example, a caseworker or nurse), ask any
hospital employee for it. If you need help, call Member Services at 1‑800‑MEDICARE (1‑800‑633‑4227)
(TTY users call 1‑877‑486‑2048).

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 141
Chapter 9. If you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
1. Read this notice carefully and ask questions if you don’t understand it. It tells you:
• Your right to get Medicare‑covered services during and after your hospital stay, as ordered by
your doctor. This includes the right to know what these services are, who will pay for them, and
where you can get them.
• Your right to be involved in any decisions about your hospital stay.
• Where to report any concerns you have about the quality of your hospital care.
• Your right to request an immediate review of the decision to discharge you if you think you’re
being discharged from the hospital too soon. This is a formal, legal way to ask for a delay in your
discharge date so we’ll cover your hospital care for a longer time.
2. You’ll be asked to sign the written notice to show that you got it and understand your rights.
• You or someone who is acting on your behalf will be asked to sign the notice.
• Signing this notice shows only that you got the information about your rights. The notice doesn’t
give your discharge date. Signing the notice doesn’t mean you’re agreeing on a discharge date.
3. Keep your copy of the notice so you have the information about making an appeal (or reporting a
concern about quality of care) if you need it.
• If you sign the notice more than 2 calendar days before your discharge date, you’ll get another
copy before you’re scheduled to be discharged.
• To look at a copy of this notice in advance, call Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users
call 711) or 1‑800‑MEDICARE (1‑800‑633‑4227). TTY users call 1‑877‑486‑2048. You can also
get the notice online at www.CMS.gov/Medicare/forms-notices/beneficiary-notices-
initiative/ffs-ma-im.
Section 7.2 How to make a Level 1 appeal to change your hospital discharge date
To ask us to cover your inpatient hospital services for a longer time, use the appeals process to make this
request. Before you start, understand what you need to do and what the deadlines are.
• Follow the process.
• Meet the deadlines.
• Ask for help if you need it. If you have questions or need help at any time, call Member Services at
1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users call 711). Or call your State Health Insurance Assistance Program
(SHIP), for personalized help. Refer to Appendix A at the back of this document for the name and
contact information of the State Health Insurance Assistance Program (SHIP) in your state.
During a Level 1 appeal, the Quality Improvement Organization reviews your appeal. It checks to see if
your planned discharge date is medically appropriate for you. The Quality Improvement Organization is
a group of doctors and other health care professionals paid by the federal government to check on and
help improve the quality of care for people with Medicare. This includes reviewing hospital discharge
dates for people with Medicare. These experts aren’t part of our plan.
Step 1: Contact the Quality Improvement Organization for your state and ask for an immediate review
of your hospital discharge. You must act quickly.
How can you contact this organization?
• The written notice you got (An Important Message from Medicare About Your Rights) tells you how to
reach this organization. Or find the name, address, and phone number of the Quality Improvement

142 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 9. If you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
Organization for your state in Appendix A at the back of this document.
Act quickly:
• To make your appeal, you must contact the Quality Improvement Organization before you leave the
hospital and no later than midnight the day of your discharge.
If you meet this deadline, you can stay in the hospital after your discharge date without
○
paying for it while you wait to get the decision from the Quality Improvement Organization.
If you don’t meet this deadline, contact us. If you decide to stay in the hospital after your
○
planned discharge date, you may have to pay all the costs for hospital care you get after your
planned discharge date.
• Once you ask for an immediate review of your hospital discharge, the Quality Improvement
Organization will contact us. By noon of the day after we’re contacted, we’ll give you a Detailed
Notice of Discharge. This notice gives your planned discharge date and explains in detail the
reasons why your doctor, the hospital, and we think it’s right (medically appropriate) for you to be
discharged on that date.
• You can get a sample of the Detailed Notice of Discharge by calling Member Services at
1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users call 711) or 1‑800‑MEDICARE (1‑800‑633‑4227) TTY users call
1‑877‑486‑2048. Or you can get a sample notice online at www.CMS.gov/Medicare/forms-
notices/beneficiary-notices-initiative/ffs-ma-im.
Step 2: The Quality Improvement Organization conducts an independent review of your case.
• Health professionals at the Quality Improvement Organization (the reviewers) will ask you (or your
representative) why you believe coverage for the services should continue. You don’t have to
prepare anything in writing, but you can if you want.
• The reviewers will also look at your medical information, talk with your doctor, and review
information that we and the hospital gave them.
• By noon of the day after the reviewers told us of your appeal, you’ll get a written notice from us that
gives your planned discharge date. This notice also explains in detail the reasons why your doctor,
the hospital, and we think it’s right (medically appropriate) for you to be discharged on that date.
Step 3: Within one full day after it has all the needed information, the Quality Improvement
Organization will give you its answer to your appeal.
What happens if the answer is yes?
• If the independent review organization says yes, we must keep providing your covered inpatient
hospital services for as long as these services are medically necessary.
• You’ll have to keep paying your share of the costs (such as deductibles or copayments, if these
apply). In addition, there may be limitations on your covered hospital services.
What happens if the answer is no?
• If the independent review organization says no, they’re saying that your planned discharge date is
medically appropriate. If this happens, our coverage for your inpatient hospital services will
end at noon on the day after the Quality Improvement Organization gives you its answer to your
appeal.
• If the independent review organization says no to your appeal and you decide to stay in the hospital,
you may have to pay the full cost of hospital care you get after noon on the day after the Quality
Improvement Organization gives you its answer to your appeal.
Step 4: If the answer to your Level 1 appeal is no, you decide if you want to make another appeal.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 143
Chapter 9. If you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
• If the Quality Improvement Organization said no to your appeal, and you stay in the hospital after
your planned discharge date, you can make another appeal. Making another appeal means you’re
going to Level 2 of the appeals process.
Section 7.3 How to make a Level 2 appeal to change your hospital discharge date
During a Level 2 appeal, you ask the Quality Improvement Organization to take another look at its decision
on your first appeal. If the Quality Improvement Organization turns down your Level 2 appeal, you may
have to pay the full cost for your stay after your planned discharge date.
Step 1: Contact the Quality Improvement Organization again and ask for another review.
• You must ask for this review within 60 calendar days after the day the Quality Improvement
Organization said no to your Level 1 appeal. You can ask for this review only if you stay in the hospital
after the date your coverage for the care ended.
Step 2: The Quality Improvement Organization does a second review of your situation.
• Reviewers at the Quality Improvement Organization will take another careful look at all the
information about your appeal.
Step 3: Within 14 calendar days of receipt of your request for Level 2 appeal, the reviewers will
decide on your appeal and tell you its decision.
If the independent review organization says yes:
• We must reimburse you for our share of the costs of hospital care you got since noon on the day
after the date your first appeal was turned down by the Quality Improvement Organization. We must
continue providing coverage for your inpatient hospital care for as long as it is medically
necessary.
• You must continue to pay your share of the costs and coverage limitations may apply.
If the independent review organization says no:
• It means they agree with the decision they made on your Level 1 appeal. This is called upholding the
decision.
• The notice you get will tell you in writing what you can do if you want to continue with the review
process.
Step 4: If the answer is no, you need to decide whether you want to take your appeal further by going
to Level 3.
• There are 3 additional levels in the appeals process after Level 2 (for a total of 5 levels of appeal). If
you want to go to a Level 3 appeal, the details on how to do this are in the written notice you get after
your Level 2 appeal decision.
• The Level 3 appeal is handled by an Administrative Law Judge or attorney adjudicator. Section 9 in
this chapter tells more about Levels 3, 4, and 5 of the appeals process.
SECTION 8 How to ask us to keep covering certain medical services if you think your
coverage is ending too soon
When you’re getting covered home health services, skilled nursing care, or rehabilitation care
(Comprehensive Outpatient Rehabilitation Facility), you have the right to keep getting your services for

144 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 9. If you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
that type of care for as long as the care is needed to diagnose and treat your illness or injury.
When we decide it's time to stop covering any of these 3 types of care for you, we’re required to tell you in
advance. When your coverage for that care ends, we’ll stop paying our share of the cost for your care.
If you think we’re ending the coverage of your care too soon, you can appeal our decision. This section
tells you how to ask for an appeal.
Section 8.1 We’ll tell you in advance when your coverage will be ending
Legal Term:
Notice of Medicare Non‑Coverage. It tells you how you can ask for a fast‑track appeal. Asking for a
fast‑track appeal is a formal, legal way to ask for a change to our coverage decision about when to
stop your care.
1. You get a notice in writing at least 2 calendar days before our plan is going to stop covering your
care. The notice tells you:
• The date when we’ll stop covering the care for you.
• How to request a fast‑track appeal to ask us to keep covering your care for a longer period of
time.
2. You, or someone who is acting on your behalf, will be asked to sign the written notice to show
that you got. Signing the notice shows only that you got the information about when your coverage
will stop. Signing it doesn’t mean you agree with our plan’s decision to stop care.
Section 8.2 How to make a Level 1 appeal to have our plan cover your care for a longer time
If you want to ask us to cover your care for a longer period of time, you’ll need to use the appeals process
to make this request. Before you start, understand what you need to do and what the deadlines are.
• Follow the process.
• Meet the deadlines.
• Ask for help if you need it. If you have questions or need help, call Member Services at
1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users call 711). Or call your State Health Insurance Assistance Program (SHIP)
for personalized help. Refer to Appendix A at the back of this document for the name and contact
information of the State Health Insurance Assistance Program (SHIP) in your state.
During a Level 1 appeal, the Quality Improvement Organization reviews your appeal. It decides if the
end date for your care is medically appropriate.
The Quality Improvement Organization is a group of doctors and other health care experts paid by the
federal government to check on and help improve the quality of care for people with Medicare. This
includes reviewing plan decisions about when it’s time to stop covering certain kinds of medical care.
These experts aren’t part of our plan.
Step 1: Make your Level 1 appeal: contact the Quality Improvement Organization and ask for a
fast‑track appeal. You must act quickly.
How can you contact this organization?
• The written notice you got (Notice of Medicare Non‑Coverage) tells you how to reach this

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 145
Chapter 9. If you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
organization. Or find the name, address, and phone number of the Quality Improvement
Organization for your state in Appendix A at the back of this document.
Act quickly:
• You must contact the Quality Improvement Organization to start your appeal by noon of the day
before the effective date on the Notice of Medicare Non‑Coverage.
• If you miss the deadline, and you want to file an appeal, you still have appeal rights. Contact the
Quality Improvement Organization using the contact information on the Notice of Medicare
Non‑Coverage. The name, address, and phone number of the Quality Improvement Organization for
your state may also be found in Appendix A at the back of this document.
Step 2: The Quality Improvement Organization conducts an independent review of your case.
Legal Term:
Detailed Explanation of Non‑Coverage. Notice that gives details on reasons for ending coverage.
What happens during this review?
• Health professionals at the Quality Improvement Organization (the reviewers) will ask you, or your
representative, why you believe coverage for the services should continue. You don’t have to
prepare anything in writing, but you can if you want.
• The independent review organization will also look at your medical information, talk with your
doctor, and review information our plan gives them.
• By the end of the day the reviewers tell us of your appeal, you’ll get the Detailed Explanation of
Non‑Coverage from us that explains in detail our reasons for ending our coverage for your services.
Step 3: Within one full day after they have all the information they need, the reviewers will tell you its
decision.
What happens if the reviewers say yes?
• If the reviewers say yes to your appeal, then we must keep providing your covered services for as
long as it’s medically necessary.
• You’ll have to keep paying your share of the costs (such as deductibles or copayments, if these
apply). There may be limitations on your covered services.
What happens if the reviewers say no?
• If the reviewers say no, then your coverage will end on the date we told you.
• If you decide to keep getting the home health care, or skilled nursing facility care, or Comprehensive
Outpatient Rehabilitation Facility (CORF) services after this date when your coverage ends, then
you’ll have to pay the full cost of this care yourself.
Step 4: If the answer to your Level 1 appeal is no, you decide if you want to make another appeal.
• If reviewers say no to your Level 1 appeal – and you choose to continue getting care after your
coverage for the care has ended – then you can make a Level 2 appeal.
Section 8.3 How to make a Level 2 appeal to have our plan cover your care for a longer time
During a Level 2 appeal, you ask the Quality Improvement Organization to take another look at the
decision on your first appeal. If the Quality Improvement Organization turns down your Level 2 appeal, you

146 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 9. If you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
may have to pay the full cost for your home health care, or skilled nursing facility care, or Comprehensive
Outpatient Rehabilitation Facility (CORF) services after the date when we said your coverage would end.
Step 1: Contact the Quality Improvement Organization again and ask for another review.
• You must ask for this review within 60 calendar days after the day when the Quality Improvement
Organization said no to your Level 1 appeal. You can ask for this review only if you continued getting
care after the date your coverage for the care ended.
Step 2: The Quality Improvement Organization does a second review of your situation.
• Reviewers at the Quality Improvement Organization will take another careful look at all the
information about your appeal.
Step 3: Within 14 calendar days of receipt of your appeal request, reviewers will decide on your
appeal and tell you its decision.
What happens if the independent review organization says yes?
• We must reimburse you for our share of the costs of care you got since the date when we said your
coverage would end. We must continue providing coverage for the care for as long as it’s
medically necessary.
• You must continue to pay your share of the costs and there may be coverage limitations that apply.
What happens if the independent review organization says no?
• It means they agree with the decision made to your Level 1 appeal.
• The notice you get will tell you in writing what you can do if you want to continue with the review
process. It will give you details about how to go to the next level of appeal, which is handled by an
Administrative Law Judge or attorney adjudicator.
Step 4: If the answer is no, you'll need to decide whether you want to take your appeal further.
• There are 3 additional levels of appeal after Level 2, for a total of 5 levels of appeal. If you want to go
on to a Level 3 appeal, the details on how to do this are in the written notice you get after your Level
2 appeal decision.
• The Level 3 appeal is handled by an Administrative Law Judge or attorney adjudicator. Section 9
tells more about Levels 3, 4, and 5 of the appeals process.
SECTION 9 Taking your appeal to Levels 3, 4 and 5
Section 9.1 Appeal Levels 3, 4, and 5 for Medical Service Requests
This section may be right for you if you made a Level 1 appeal and a Level 2 appeal, and both of your
appeals were turned down.
If the dollar value of the item or medical service you appealed meets certain minimum levels, you may be
able to go on to additional levels of appeal. If the dollar value is less than the minimum level, you can’t
appeal any further. The written response you get to your Level 2 appeal will explain how to make a Level 3
appeal.
For most situations that involve appeals, the last 3 levels of appeal work in much the same way as the first
2 levels. Here’s who handles the review of your appeal at each of these levels.
Level 3 appeal

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 147
Chapter 9. If you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
An Administrative Law Judge or an attorney adjudicator who works for the federal government will
review your appeal and give you an answer.
• If the Administrative Law Judge or attorney adjudicator says yes to your appeal, the appeals
process may or may not be over. Unlike a decision at a Level 2 appeal, we have the right to appeal a
Level 3 decision that’s favorable to you. If we decide to appeal, it will go to a Level 4 appeal.
If we decide not to appeal, we must authorize or provide you with the medical care within 60
○
calendar days after we get the Administrative Law Judge’s or attorney adjudicator’s decision.
If we decide to appeal the decision, we’ll send you a copy of the Level 4 appeal request with
○
any accompanying documents. We may wait for the Level 4 appeal decision before
authorizing or providing the medical care in dispute.
• If the Administrative Law Judge or attorney adjudicator says no to your appeal, the appeals
process may or may not be over.
If you decide to accept the decision that turns down your appeal, the appeals process is over.
○
If you don’t want to accept the decision, you can continue to the next level of the review
○
process. The notice you get will tell you what to do for a Level 4 appeal.
Level 4 appeal
The Medicare Appeals Council (Council) will review your appeal and give you an answer. The Council is
part of the federal government.
• If the answer is yes, or if the Council denies our request to review a favorable Level 3 appeal
decision, the appeals process may or may not be over. Unlike a decision at Level 2, we have the
right to appeal a Level 4 decision that is favorable to you. We’ll decide whether to appeal this
decision to Level 5.
If we decide not to appeal, we must authorize or provide you with the medical care within 60
○
calendar days after getting the Council’s decision.
If we decide to appeal the decision, we'll let you know in writing.
○
• If the answer is no or if the Council denies the review request, the appeals process may or may
not be over.
If you decide to accept this decision that turns down your appeal, the appeals process is over.
○
If you don’t want to accept the decision, you may be able to continue to the next level of the
○
review process. If the Council says no to your appeal, the notice you get will tell you whether
the rules allow you to go to a Level 5 appeal and how to continue with a Level 5 appeal.
Level 5 appeal
A judge at the Federal District Court will review your appeal.
• A judge will review all the information and decide yes or no to your request. This is a final answer.
There are no more appeal levels after the Federal District Court.
Section 9.2 Appeal Levels 3, 4, and 5 for Part D Drug Requests
This section may be right for you if you made a Level 1 appeal and a Level 2 appeal, and both of your
appeals were turned down.
If the value of the drug you appealed meets a certain dollar amount, you may be able to go to additional
levels of appeal. If the dollar amount is less, you can’t appeal any further. The written response you get to
your Level 2 appeal will explain who to contact and what to do to ask for a Level 3 appeal.
For most situations that involve appeals, the last 3 levels of appeal work in much the same way as the first
2 levels. Here’s who handles the review of your appeal at each of these levels.
Level 3 appeal
An Administrative Law Judge or an attorney adjudicator who works for the federal government will

148 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 9. If you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
review your appeal and give you an answer.
• If the answer is yes, the appeals process is over. We must authorize or provide the drug
coverage that was approved by the Administrative Law Judge or attorney adjudicator within 72
hours (24 hours for expedited appeals) or make payment no later than 30 calendar days after
we get the decision.
• If the answer is no, the appeals process may or may not be over.
If you decide to accept the decision that turns down your appeal, the appeals process is over.
○
If you don’t want to accept the decision, you can continue to the next level of the review
○
process. The notice you get will tell you what to do for a Level 4 appeal.
Level 4 appeal
The Medicare Appeals Council (Council) will review your appeal and give you an answer. The Council is
part of the federal government.
• If the answer is yes, the appeals process is over. We must authorize or provide the drug
coverage that was approved by the Council within 72 hours (24 hours for expedited appeals) or
make payment no later than 30 calendar days after we get the decision.
• If the answer is no, the appeals process may or may not be over.
If you decide to accept the decision that turns down your appeal, the appeals process is over.
○
If you don’t want to accept the decision, you may be able to continue to the next level of the
○
review process. If the Council says no to your appeal or denies your request to review the
appeal, the notice will tell you whether the rules allow you to go on to Level 5 appeal. It will also
tell you who to contact and what to do next if you choose to continue with your appeal.
Level 5 appeal
A judge at the Federal District Court will review your appeal.
• A judge will review all the information and decide yes or no to your request. This is a final answer.
There are no more appeal levels after the Federal District Court.
Making complaints
SECTION 10 How to make a complaint about quality of care, waiting times, customer
service, or other concerns
Section 10.1 What kinds of problems are handled by the complaint process?
The complaint process is only used for certain types of problems. This includes problems related to quality
of care, waiting times, and customer service. Here are examples of the kinds of problems handled by the
complaint process.
Complaint Example
Quality of your medical care
• Are you unhappy with the quality of the care you got
(including care in the hospital)?
Respecting your privacy
• Did someone not respect your right to privacy or share
confidential information?

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 149
Chapter 9. If you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
Complaint Example
Disrespect, poor customer
service, or other negative • Has someone been rude or disrespectful to you?
behaviors • Are you unhappy with our Member Services?
• Do you feel you’re being encouraged to leave our plan?
Waiting times
• Are you having trouble getting an appointment, or waiting
too long to get it?
• Have you been kept waiting too long by doctors,
pharmacists, or other health professionals? Or by our
Member Services or other staff at our plan?
Examples include waiting too long on the phone, in the
○
waiting or exam room, or getting a prescription.
Cleanliness
• Are you unhappy with the cleanliness or condition of a clinic,
hospital, or doctor’s office?
Information you get from us
• Did we fail to give you a required notice?
• Is our written information hard to understand?
Timeliness If you asked for a coverage decision or made an appeal, and you
(These types of complaints are all think we aren’t responding quickly enough, you can make a
about the timeliness of our actions complaint about our slowness. Here are examples:
related to coverage decisions and
appeals) • You asked us for a fast coverage decision or a fast appeal,
and we said no; you can make a complaint.
• You believe we aren’t meeting the deadlines for coverage
decisions or appeals; you can make a complaint.
• You believe we aren’t meeting the deadlines for covering or
reimbursing you for certain medical items or services or
drugs that were approved; you can make a complaint.
• You believe we failed to meet required deadlines for
forwarding your case to the independent review
organization; you can make a complaint.
Section 10.2 How to make a complaint
Legal Term:
A complaint is also called a grievance.
Making a complaint is called filing a grievance.
Using the process for complaints is called using the process for filing a grievance.
A fast complaint is called an expedited grievance.

150 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 9. If you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
Step 1: Contact us promptly — either by phone or in writing.
• Calling Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users call 711) is usually the first step. If
there’s anything else you need to do, Member Services will let you know.
• If you don’t want to call (or you called and weren't satisfied), you can put your complaint in
writing and send it to us. If you put your complaint in writing, we’ll respond to your complaint in
writing.
• To use our grievance (complaint) process, you should call or send us your written complaint using
one of the contact methods listed in Chapter 2: Important Phone Numbers and Resources (How to
contact us when you are making a complaint about your Part D prescription drugs or medical care).
Please be sure you provide all pertinent information, including any supporting documents you
○
believe are appropriate. Your complaint must be received by us within 60 calendar days of the
event or incident that resulted in you filing your complaint.
Your issue will be investigated by a member of our complaint team. If you submit your
○
complaint verbally, we will inform you of the result of our review and our decision verbally or in
writing. If you submit a verbal complaint and request your response to be in writing, we will
respond in writing. If you send us a written complaint, we will send you a written response,
stating the result of our review. Our notice will include a description of our understanding of
your complaint and our decision in clear terms.
We must address your complaint as quickly as your case requires based on your health status,
○
but no later than 30 calendar days after receiving your complaint. We may extend the
timeframe by up to 14 calendar days if we justify a need for additional information and the
delay is in your best interest.
You also have the right to ask for a fast “expedited” grievance. A fast “expedited” grievance is
○
a type of complaint that must be resolved within 24 hours from the time you contact us. You
have the right to request a fast “expedited” grievance if you disagree with:
Our plan to take a 14‑calendar‑day extension on an organization/coverage
■
determination or reconsideration/redetermination (appeal); or
Our denial of your request to expedite an organization determination or reconsideration
■
(appeal) for health services or;
Our denial of your request to expedite a coverage determination or redetermination
■
(appeal) for a prescription drug.
• The fast “expedited” grievance process is as follows:
You or an authorized representative can call, fax, or mail your complaint and mention that you
○
want the fast complaint or expedited grievance process. Call the phone number, fax, or write
your complaint and send it to the address listed in Chapter 2: Important Phone Numbers and
Resources (How to contact us when you’re making a complaint about your Part D prescription
drugs or medical care). The fastest way to submit a fast complaint is to call or fax us. The
fastest way to file a grievance is to call us. When we receive your complaint, we will promptly
investigate the issue you have identified. If we agree with your complaint, we will cancel the
14‑calendar‑day extension, or expedite the determination or appeal as you originally
requested. Regardless of whether we agree or not, we will investigate your complaint and
notify you of our decision within 24 hours.
• The deadline for making a complaint is 60 calendar days from the time you had the problem that
you want to complain about.
Step 2: We look into your complaint and give you our answer.
• If possible, we’ll answer you right away. If you call us with a complaint, we may be able to give you
an answer on the same phone call.
• Most complaints are answered within 30 calendar days. If we need more information and the
delay is in your best interest or if you ask for more time, we can take up to 14 more calendar days

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 151
Chapter 9. If you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
(44 calendar days total) to answer your complaint. If we decide to take extra days, we'll tell you in
writing.
• If you’re making a complaint because we denied your request for a fast coverage decision or a
fast appeal, we'll automatically give you a fast complaint. If you have a fast complaint, it means
we'll give you an answer within 24 hours.
• If we don’t agree with some or all of your complaint or don’t take responsibility for the problem
you're complaining about, we'll include our reasons in our response to you.
Section 10.3 You can also make complaints about quality of care to the Quality Improvement
Organization
When your complaint is about quality of care, you have 2 extra options:
• You can make your complaint directly to the Quality Improvement Organization.
The Quality Improvement Organization is a group of practicing doctors and other health care
experts paid by the federal government to check and improve the care given to Medicare patients.
Appendix A at the back of this document has the contact information.
Or
• You can make your complaint to both the Quality Improvement Organization and us at the same
time.
Section 10.4 You can also tell Medicare about your complaint
You can submit a complaint about Aetna Medicare Select (HMO‑POS) directly to Medicare. To submit a
complaint to Medicare, go to www.Medicare.gov/my/medicare-complaint. You can also call
1‑800‑MEDICARE (1‑800‑633‑4227). TTY/TDD users call 1‑877‑486‑2048.

CHAPTER 10:
Ending membership in our plan
SECTION 1 Ending your membership in our plan
Ending your membership in Aetna Medicare Select (HMO‑POS) may be voluntary (your own choice) or
involuntary (not your own choice):
• You might leave our plan because you decide you want to leave. Sections 2 and 3 give information
on ending your membership voluntarily.
• There are also limited situations where we’re required to end your membership. Section 5 tells you
about situations when we must end your membership.
If you’re leaving our plan, our plan must continue to provide your medical care and prescription drugs, and
you’ll continue to pay your cost share until your membership ends.
SECTION 2 When can you end your membership in our plan?
Section 2.1 You can end your membership during the Open Enrollment Period
You can end your membership during the Open Enrollment Period each year. During this time, review
your health and drug coverage and decide about coverage for the upcoming year.
• The Open Enrollment Period is from October 15 to December 7.
• Choose to keep your current coverage or make changes to your coverage for the upcoming
year. If you decide to change to a new plan, you can choose any of the following types of plans:
Another Medicare health plan, with or without drug coverage,
○
Original Medicare with a separate Medicare drug plan,
○
Original Medicare without a separate Medicare drug plan.
○
If you choose this option and receive Extra Help, Medicare may enroll you in a drug plan,
○
unless you opt out of automatic enrollment.
Note: If you disenroll from Medicare drug coverage and go without creditable prescription drug
coverage for 63 days or more in a row, you may have to pay a Part D late enrollment penalty if you
join a Medicare drug plan later.
• Your membership will end in our plan when your new plan’s coverage starts on January 1.
Section 2.2 You can end your membership during the Medicare Advantage Open Enrollment
Period
You can make one change to your health coverage during the Medicare Advantage Open Enrollment
Period each year.
• The Medicare Advantage Open Enrollment Period is from January 1 to March 31 and for new
enrollees in an MA plan, from the month of entitlement to Part A and Part B until the last day of the
3rd month of entitlement.
• During the Medicare Advantage Open Enrollment Period you can:
Switch to another Medicare Advantage Plan with or without drug coverage.
○
Disenroll from our plan and get coverage through Original Medicare. If you switch to Original
○
Medicare during this period, you can also join a separate Medicare drug plan at the same time.
• Your membership will end on the first day of the month after you enroll in a different Medicare
Advantage plan or we get your request to switch to Original Medicare. If you also choose to enroll in
a Medicare drug plan, your membership in the drug plan will start the first day of the month after the
drug plan gets your enrollment request.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 153
Chapter 10. Ending membership in our plan
Section 2.3 In certain situations, you can end your membership during a Special Enrollment
Period
In certain situations, members of Aetna Medicare Select (HMO‑POS) may be eligible to end their
membership at other times of the year. This is known as a Special Enrollment Period.
You may be eligible to end your membership during a Special Enrollment Period if any of the following
situations apply to you. These are just examples. For the full list you can contact our plan, call Medicare, or
visit Medicare.gov:
• Usually, when you move
• If you have Medicaid
• If you’re eligible for Extra Help paying for your Medicare drug coverage
• If we violate our contract with you
• If you’re getting care in an institution, such as a nursing home or long‑term care (LTC) hospital
• If you enroll in the Program of All‑inclusive Care for the Elderly (PACE)
Note: If you’re in a drug management program, you may not be able to change plans. Chapter 5, Section
10 tells you more about drug management programs.
Enrollment time periods vary depending on your situation.
To find out if you’re eligible for a Special Enrollment Period, call Medicare at 1‑800‑MEDICARE
(1‑800‑633‑4227). TTY users call 1‑877‑486‑2048. If you’re eligible to end your membership because of a
special situation, you can choose to change both your Medicare health coverage and drug coverage. You
can choose:
• Another Medicare health plan with or without drug coverage
• Original Medicare with a separate Medicare drug plan
• Original Medicare without a separate Medicare drug plan.
Note: If you disenroll from Medicare drug coverage and go without creditable drug coverage for a
continuous period of 63 days or more, you may have to pay a Part D late enrollment penalty if you
join a Medicare drug plan later.
Your membership will usually end on the first day of the month after we get your request to change our
plan.
If you get Extra Help from Medicare to pay your drug coverage costs: If you switch to Original Medicare
and don't enroll in a separate Medicare drug plan, Medicare may enroll you in a drug plan, unless you opt
out of automatic enrollment.
Section 2.4 Get more information about when you can end your membership
If you have questions about ending your membership you can:
• Call Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users call 711).
• Find the information in the Medicare & You 2026 handbook.
• Call Medicare at 1‑800‑MEDICARE (1‑800‑633‑4227). (TTY users call 1‑877‑486‑2048).
SECTION 3 How to end your membership in our plan?
The table below explains how you can end your membership in our plan.

154 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 10. Ending membership in our plan
To switch from our plan to: Here’s what to do:
• Enroll in the new Medicare health plan.
• You’ll automatically be disenrolled from
Another Medicare health plan.
Aetna Medicare Select (HMO‑POS) when
your new plan’s coverage starts.
• Enroll in the new Medicare drug plan.
Original Medicare with a separate Medicare drug • You’ll automatically be disenrolled from
plan. Aetna Medicare Select (HMO‑POS) when
your new drug plan’s coverage starts.
• Send us a written request to disenroll. Call
Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY
users call 711) if you need more information
on how to do this.
Original Medicare without a separate Medicare • You can also call Medicare, at
drug plan. 1‑800‑MEDICARE (1‑800‑633‑4227), and
ask to be disenrolled. TTY users call
1‑877‑486‑2048.
• You’ll be disenrolled from Aetna Medicare
Select (HMO‑POS) when your coverage in
Original Medicare starts.
SECTION 4 Until your membership ends, you must keep getting your medical items,
services and drugs through our plan
Until your membership ends, and your new Medicare coverage starts, you must continue to get your
medical items, services, and prescription drugs, through our plan.
• Continue to use our network providers to get medical care.
• Continue to use our network pharmacies or mail order to get your prescriptions filled.
• If you’re hospitalized on the day your membership ends, your hospital stay will be covered by
our plan until you’re discharged (even if you're discharged after your new health coverage starts).
SECTION 5 Aetna Medicare Select (HMO‑POS) must end our plan membership in certain
situations
Aetna Medicare Select (HMO‑POS) must end your membership in our plan if any of the following
happen:
• If you no longer have Medicare Part A and Part B.
• If you move out of our service area.
• If you’re away from our service area for more than 12 months.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 155
Chapter 10. Ending membership in our plan
• If you move or take a long trip, you need to call Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY
users call 711) to find out if the place you're moving or traveling to is in our plan’s area.
• If you become incarcerated (go to prison).
• If you’re no longer a United States citizen or lawfully present in the United States.
• If you lie or withhold information about other insurance you have that provides prescription drug
coverage.
• If you intentionally give us incorrect information when you're enrolling in our plan and that
information affects your eligibility for our plan. (We can’t make you leave our plan for this reason
unless we get permission from Medicare first.)
• If you continuously behave in a way that’s disruptive and makes it difficult for us to provide medical
care for you and other members of our plan. (We can’t make you leave our plan for this reason
unless we get permission from Medicare first.)
• If you let someone else use your membership card to get medical care. (We can't make you leave
our plan for this reason unless we get permission from Medicare first.)
If we end your membership because of this reason, Medicare may have your case investigated
○
by the Inspector General.
• If you’re required to pay the extra Part D amount because of your income and you don’t pay it,
Medicare will disenroll you from our plan and you’ll lose drug coverage.
If you have questions or want more information on when we can end your membership, call Member
Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users call 711).
Section 5.1 We can’t ask you to leave our plan for any health‑related reason
Aetna Medicare Select (HMO‑POS) isn’t allowed to ask you to leave our plan for any health‑related reason.
What should you do if this happens?
If you feel that you’re being asked to leave our plan because of a health‑related reason, call Medicare at
1‑800‑MEDICARE (1‑800‑633‑4227) TTY users call 1‑877‑486‑2048.
Section 5.2 You have the right to make a complaint if we end your membership in our plan
If we end your membership in our plan, we must tell you our reasons in writing for ending your
membership. We must also explain how you can file a grievance or make a complaint about our decision
to end your membership.

CHAPTER 11:
Legal notices
SECTION 1 Notice about governing law
The principal law that applies to this Evidence of Coverage document is Title XVIII of the Social Security
Act and the regulations created under the Social Security Act by the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid
Services (CMS). In addition, other federal laws may apply and, under certain circumstances, the laws of
the state you live in. This may affect your rights and responsibilities even if the laws aren’t included or
explained in this document.
SECTION 2 Notice about non discrimination
We don’t discriminate based on race, ethnicity, national origin, color, religion, sex, age, mental or physical
disability, health status, claims experience, medical history, genetic information, evidence of insurability,
or geographic location within the service area. All organizations that provide Medicare Advantage plans,
like our plan, must obey federal laws against discrimination, including Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of
1964, the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Age Discrimination Act of 1975, the Americans with Disabilities
Act, Section 1557 of the Affordable Care Act, all other laws that apply to organizations that get federal
funding, and any other laws and rules that apply for any other reason.
If you want more information or have concerns about discrimination or unfair treatment, call the
Department of Health and Human Services’ Office for Civil Rights at 1‑800‑368‑1019 (TTY
1‑800‑537‑7697) or your local Office for Civil Rights. You can also review information from the
Department of Health and Human Services’ Office for Civil Rights at www.HHS.gov/ocr/index.html.
If you have a disability and need help with access to care, call us at Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670
(TTY users call 711). If you have a complaint, such as a problem with wheelchair access, Member Services
can help.
SECTION 3 Notice about Medicare Secondary Payer subrogation rights
We have the right and responsibility to collect for covered Medicare services for which Medicare isn’t the
primary payer. According to CMS regulations at 42 CFR sections 422.108 and 423.462, Aetna Medicare
Select (HMO‑POS), as a Medicare Advantage Organization, will exercise the same rights of recovery that
the Secretary exercises under CMS regulations in subparts B through D of part 411 of 42 CFR and the rules
established in this section supersede any state laws.
In some situations, other parties should pay for your medical care before your Medicare Advantage plan.
In those situations, your Medicare Advantage plan may pay, but have the right to get the payments back
from these other parties. Medicare Advantage plans may not be the primary payer for medical care you
receive. These situations include those in which the Federal Medicare Program is considered a secondary
payer under the Medicare Secondary Payer laws. For information on the Federal Medicare Secondary
Payer program, Medicare has written a booklet with general information about what happens when
people with Medicare have additional insurance. It’s called Medicare and Other Health Benefits: Your
Guide to Who Pays First (publication number 02179). You can get a copy by calling 1‑800‑MEDICARE
(1‑800‑633‑4227), 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. TTY users should call 1‑877‑486‑2048. Or you can
download a copy by visiting the Medicare.gov website.
The Plan’s rights to recover in these situations are based on the terms of this health plan contract, as well
as the provisions of the federal statutes governing the Medicare Program. Your Medicare Advantage plan
coverage is always secondary to any payment made or reasonably expected to be made under:
• A workers’ compensation law or plan of the United States or a State,

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 157
Chapter 11. Legal notices
• Any non‑fault based insurance, including automobile and non‑automobile no‑fault and medical
payments insurance,
• Any liability insurance policy or plan (including a self‑insured plan) issued under an automobile or
other type of policy or coverage, and
• Any automobile insurance policy or plan (including a self‑insured plan), including, but not limited to,
uninsured and underinsured motorist coverages.
Since your Medicare Advantage plan is always secondary to any automobile no‑fault (Personal Injury
Protection) or medical payments coverage, you should review your automobile insurance policies to
ensure that appropriate policy provisions have been selected to make your automobile coverage primary
for your medical treatment arising from an automobile accident.
As outlined herein, in these situations, your Medicare Advantage plan may make payments on your behalf
for this medical care, subject to the conditions set forth in this provision for the plan to recover these
payments from you or from other parties. Immediately upon making any conditional payment, your
Medicare Advantage plan shall be subrogated to stand in the place of all rights of recovery you have
against any person, entity or insurer responsible for causing your injury, illness or condition or against any
person, entity or insurer listed as a primary payer above.
In addition, if you receive payment from any person, entity or insurer responsible for causing your injury,
illness or condition or you receive payment from any person, entity or insurer listed as a primary payer
above, your Medicare Advantage plan has the right to recover from, and be reimbursed by you for all
conditional payments the plan has made or will make as a result of that injury, illness or condition.
Your Medicare Advantage plan will automatically have a lien, to the extent of benefits it paid for the
treatment of the injury, illness or condition, upon any recovery whether by settlement, judgment or
otherwise. The lien may be enforced against any party who possesses funds or proceeds representing the
amount of benefits paid by the Plan including, but not limited to, you, your representatives or agents, any
person, entity or insurer responsible for causing your injury, illness or condition or any person, entity or
insurer listed as a primary payer above.
By accepting benefits (whether the payment of such benefits is made to you or made on your behalf to
any health care provider) from your Medicare Advantage plan, you acknowledge that the plan’s recovery
rights are a first priority claim and are to be paid to the plan before any other claim for your damages. The
plan shall be entitled to full reimbursement on a first‑dollar basis from any payments, even if such
payment to the plan will result in a recovery to you which is insufficient to make you whole or to
compensate you in part or in whole for the damages you sustained. Your Medicare Advantage plan is not
required to participate in or pay court costs or attorney fees to any attorney hired by you to pursue your
damage claims.
Your Medicare Advantage plan is entitled to full recovery regardless of whether any liability for payment is
admitted by any person, entity or insurer responsible for causing your injury, illness or condition or by any
person, entity or insurer listed as a primary payer above. The plan is entitled to full recovery regardless of
whether the settlement or judgment received by you identifies the medical benefits the plan provided or
purports to allocate any portion of such settlement or judgment to payment of expenses other than
medical expenses. The Medicare Advantage plan is entitled to recover from any and all settlements or
judgments, even those designated as for pain and suffering, non‑economic damages and/or general
damages only.
You, and your legal representatives, shall fully cooperate with the plan’s efforts to recover its benefits paid.
It is your duty to notify the plan within 30 days of the date when notice is given to any party, including an
insurance company or attorney, of your intention to pursue or investigate a claim to recover damages or
obtain compensation due to your injury, illness or condition. You and your agents or representatives shall
provide all information requested by the plan or its representatives. You shall do nothing to prejudice your

158 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 11. Legal notices
Medicare Advantage plan’s subrogation or recovery interest or to prejudice the plan’s ability to enforce the
terms of this provision. This includes, but is not limited to, refraining from making any settlement or
recovery that attempts to reduce or exclude the full cost of all benefits provided by the plan.
Failure to provide requested information or failure to assist your Medicare Advantage plan in pursuit of its
subrogation or recovery rights may result in you being personally responsible for reimbursing the plan for
benefits paid relating to the injury, illness or condition as well as for the plan’s reasonable attorney fees
and costs incurred in obtaining reimbursement from you. For more information, see 42 U.S.C. §
1395y(b)(2)(A)(ii) and the Medicare statutes.
SECTION 4 Notice about recovery of overpayments
If the benefits paid by this Evidence of Coverage, plus the benefits paid by other plans, exceeds the total
amount of expenses, Aetna has the right to recover the amount of that excess payment from among one
or more of the following: (1) any person to or for whom such payments were made; (2) other Plans; or (3)
any other entity to which such payments were made. This right of recovery will be exercised at Aetna’s
discretion. You shall execute any documents and cooperate with Aetna to secure its right to recover such
overpayments, upon request by Aetna.
SECTION 5 National Coverage Determinations
Sometimes, Medicare adds coverage under Original Medicare for new services during the year. If
Medicare adds coverage for any services during 2026, either Medicare or our plan will cover those
services. When we receive coverage updates from Medicare, called National Coverage Determinations,
we’ll post the coverage updates on our website at AetnaMedicare.com. You can also call Member
Services to obtain the coverage updates that have been posted for the benefit year.

CHAPTER 12:
Definitions
Allowed Amount – The amount that providers are paid for covered services. The allowed amount is the
amount that a network provider has agreed to accept as payment in full for services provided and is
usually less than the provider’s billed charges. For out‑of‑network providers, the allowed amount is the
amount Original Medicare would pay for the services provided. Members may pay a portion of, or in
some cases, all of the allowed amount if their deductible is not satisfied for the year, or if they have other
share‑of‑cost such as coinsurance and/or copayments.
Ambulatory Surgical Center – An Ambulatory Surgical Center is an entity that operates exclusively for
the purpose of furnishing outpatient surgical services to patients not requiring hospitalization and whose
expected stay in the center doesn't exceed 24 hours.
Appeal – An appeal is something you do if you disagree with our decision to deny a request for coverage
of health care services or prescription drugs or payment for services or drugs you already got. You may
also make an appeal if you disagree with our decision to stop services that you're receiving.
Balance Billing – When a provider (such as a doctor or hospital) bills a patient more than our plan’s
allowed cost‑sharing amount. As a member of Aetna Medicare Select (HMO‑POS), you only have to pay
our plan’s cost‑sharing amounts when you get services covered by our plan. We don't allow providers to
balance bill or otherwise charge you more than the amount of cost sharing our plan says you must pay.
Benefit Period – The way that both our plan and Original Medicare measures your use of skilled nursing
facility (SNF) services. A benefit period begins the day you go into a skilled nursing facility. The benefit
period ends when you haven't gotten any skilled care in a SNF for 60 days in a row. If you go into a skilled
nursing facility after one benefit period has ended, a new benefit period begins. There is no limit to the
number of benefit periods.
Biological Product – A prescription drug that's made from natural and living sources like animal cells,
plant cells, bacteria, or yeast. Biological products are more complex than other drugs and can't be
copied exactly, so alternative forms are called biosimilars. (Go to "Original Biological Product" and
"Biosimilar.")
Biosimilar – A biological product that's very similar, but not identical, to the original biological product.
Biosimilars are as safe and effective as the original biological product. Some biosimilars may be
substituted for the original biological product at the pharmacy without needing a new prescription (Go to
“Interchangeable Biosimilar”).
Brand Name Drug – A prescription drug that's manufactured and sold by the pharmaceutical company
that originally researched and developed the drug. Brand name drugs have the same active‑ingredient
formula as the generic version of the drug. However, generic drugs are manufactured and sold by other
drug manufacturers and are generally not available until after the patent on the brand name drug has
expired.
Calendar Year – A one year period between January 1 and December 31.

160 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 12. Definitions
Catastrophic Coverage Stage – The stage in the Part D Drug Benefit that begins when you (or other
qualified parties on your behalf) have spent $2,100 for Part D covered drugs during the covered year.
During this payment stage, you pay nothing for your covered Part D drugs.
Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) – The federal agency that administers Medicare.
Chronic‑Care Special Needs Plan (C‑SNP) – C‑SNPs are SNPs that restrict enrollment to MA eligible
people who have specific severe and chronic diseases.
Coinsurance – An amount you may be required to pay, expressed as a percentage (for example 20%) as
your share of the cost for services or prescription drugs after you pay any deductibles.
Complaint – The formal name for making a complaint is filing a grievance. The complaint process is
used only for certain types of problems. This includes problems about quality of care, waiting times, and
the customer service you get. It also includes complaints if our plan doesn’t follow the time periods in the
appeal process.
Comprehensive Outpatient Rehabilitation Facility (CORF) – A facility that mainly provides
rehabilitation services after an illness or injury, including physical therapy, social or psychological
services, respiratory therapy, occupational therapy and speech‑language pathology services, and home
environment evaluation services.
Copayment (or copay) – An amount you may be required to pay as your share of the cost for a medical
service or supply, like a doctor’s visit, hospital outpatient visit, or a prescription drug. A copayment is a
set amount (for example $10), rather than a percentage.
Cost Sharing – Cost sharing refers to amounts that a member has to pay when services or drugs are
received. Cost sharing includes any combination of the following 3 types of payments: (1) any deductible
amount a plan may impose before services or drugs are covered; (2) any fixed copayment amount that a
plan requires when a specific service or drug is received; or (3) any coinsurance amount, a percentage of
the total amount paid for a service or drug that a plan requires when a specific service or drug is
received.
Cost‑Sharing Tier – Every drug on the list of covered drugs is in one of 5 cost‑sharing tiers. In general,
the higher the cost‑sharing tier, the higher your cost for the drug.
Coverage Determination – A decision about whether a drug prescribed for you is covered by our plan
and the amount, if any, you’re required to pay for the prescription. In general, if you bring your
prescription to a pharmacy and the pharmacy tells you the prescription isn’t covered under our plan, that
isn’t a coverage determination. You need to call or write to our plan to ask for a formal decision about the
coverage. Coverage determinations are called coverage decisions in this document.
Covered Drugs – The term we use to mean all the prescription drugs covered by our plan.
Covered Services – The term we use to mean all the health care services and supplies that are covered
by our plan.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 161
Chapter 12. Definitions
Creditable Prescription Drug Coverage – Prescription drug coverage (for example, from an employer
or union) that's expected to pay, on average, at least as much as Medicare’s standard prescription drug
coverage. People who have this kind of coverage when they become eligible for Medicare can generally
keep that coverage without paying a penalty if they decide to enroll in Medicare prescription drug
coverage later.
Custodial Care – Custodial care is personal care provided in a nursing home, hospice, or other facility
setting when you don't need skilled medical care or skilled nursing care. Custodial care, provided by
people who don't have professional skills or training, includes help with activities of daily living like
bathing, dressing, eating, getting in or out of a bed or chair, moving around, and using the bathroom. It
may also include the kind of health‑related care that most people do themselves, like using eye drops.
Medicare doesn’t pay for custodial care.
Daily cost‑sharing rate – A daily cost‑sharing rate may apply when your doctor prescribes less than a
full month’s supply of certain drugs for you and you're required to pay a copayment. A daily cost‑sharing
rate is the copayment divided by the number of days in a month’s supply. Here is an example: If your
copayment for a one‑month supply of a drug is $30, and a one‑month’s supply in our plan is 30 days,
then your daily cost‑sharing rate is $1 per day.
Deductible – The amount you must pay for health care or prescriptions before our plan pays.
Disenroll or Disenrollment – The process of ending your membership in our plan.
Dispensing Fee – A fee charged each time a covered drug is dispensed to pay for the cost of filling a
prescription, such as the pharmacist’s time to prepare and package the prescription.
Dual Eligible Special Needs Plans (D‑SNP) – D‑SNPs enroll people who are entitled to both Medicare
(Title XVIII of the Social Security Act) and medical assistance from a state plan under Medicaid (Title XIX).
States cover some Medicare costs, depending on the state and the person’s eligibility.
Dually Eligible Individual – A person who is eligible for Medicare and Medicaid coverage.
Durable Medical Equipment (DME) – Certain medical equipment that is ordered by your doctor for
medical reasons. Examples include walkers, wheelchairs, crutches, powered mattress systems, diabetic
supplies, IV infusion pumps, speech generating devices, oxygen equipment, nebulizers, or hospital beds
ordered by a provider for use in the home.
Emergency – A medical emergency is when you, or any other prudent layperson with an average
knowledge of health and medicine, believe that you have medical symptoms that require immediate
medical attention to prevent loss of life (and, if you're a pregnant woman, loss of an unborn child), loss of
a limb, or loss of function of a limb, or loss of or serious impairment to a bodily function. The medical
symptoms may be an illness, injury, severe pain, or a medical condition that is quickly getting worse.
Emergency Care – Covered services that are: (1) provided by a provider qualified to furnish emergency
services; and (2) needed to treat, evaluate, or stabilize an emergency medical condition.

162 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 12. Definitions
Evidence of Coverage (EOC) and Disclosure Information – This document, along with your enrollment
form and any other attachments, riders, or other optional coverage selected, which explains your
coverage, what we must do, your rights, and what you have to do as a member of our plan.
Exception – A type of coverage decision that, if approved, allows you to get a drug that isn’t on our
formulary (a formulary exception), or get a non‑preferred drug at a lower cost‑sharing level (a tiering
exception). You may also ask for an exception if our plan requires you to try another drug before getting
the drug you’re asking for, if our plan requires a prior authorization for a drug and you want us to waive
the criteria restriction, or if our plan limits the quantity or dosage of the drug you’re asking for (a
formulary exception).
Extra Help – A Medicare program to help people with limited income and resources pay Medicare
prescription drug program costs, such as premiums, deductibles, and coinsurance.
Generic Drug – A prescription drug that's approved by the FDA as having the same active ingredient(s)
as the brand name drug. Generally, a generic drug works the same as a brand name drug and usually
costs less.
Grievance – A type of complaint you make about our plan, providers, or pharmacies, including a
complaint concerning the quality of your care. This doesn't involve coverage or payment disputes.
Health Maintenance Organization (HMO) – A type of Medicare managed care plan where a group of
doctors, hospitals, and other health care providers agree to give health care to Medicare beneficiaries for
a set amount of money from Medicare every month. You usually must get your care from the providers in
the plan.
Home Health Aide – A person who provides services that don't need the skills of a licensed nurse or
therapist, such as help with personal care (e.g., bathing, using the toilet, dressing, or carrying out the
prescribed exercises).
Hospice – A benefit that provides special treatment for a member who has been medically certified as
terminally ill, meaning having a life expectancy of 6 months or less. Our plan must provide you with a list
of hospices in your geographic area. If you elect hospice and continue to pay premiums you're still a
member of our plan. You can still get all medically necessary services as well as the supplemental
benefits we offer.
Hospital Inpatient Stay – A hospital stay when you have been formally admitted to the hospital for
skilled medical services. Even if you stay in the hospital overnight, you might still be considered an
outpatient.
Income Related Monthly Adjustment Amount (IRMAA) – If your modified adjusted gross income as
reported on your IRS tax return from 2 years ago is above a certain amount, you’ll pay the standard
premium amount and an Income Related Monthly Adjustment Amount, also known as IRMAA. IRMAA is
an extra charge added to your premium. Less than 5% of people with Medicare are affected, so most
people will not pay a higher premium.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 163
Chapter 12. Definitions
Independent Practice Association (IPA) – An IPA, or Independent Practice Association, is an
independent group of physicians and other health care providers under contract to provide services to
members of managed care organizations (see Chapter 1, Section 6).
Initial Coverage Stage – This is the stage before your out‑of‑pocket costs for the year have reached the
out‑of‑pocket threshold amount.
Initial Enrollment Period – When you’re first eligible for Medicare, the period of time when you can sign
up for Medicare Part A and Part B. If you’re eligible for Medicare when you turn 65, your Initial Enrollment
Period is the 7‑month period that begins 3 months before the month you turn 65, includes the month you
turn 65, and ends 3 months after the month you turn 65.
Institutional Special Needs Plan (I‑SNP) – I‑SNPs restrict enrollment to MA eligible people who live in
the community but need the level of care a facility offers, or who live (or are expected to live) for at least
90 days straight in certain long‑term facilities. I‑SNPs include the following types of plans:
Institutional‑equivalent SNPs (IE‑SNPs), Hybrid Institutional SNPs (HI‑SNPs), and Facility‑based
Institutional SNPs (FI‑SNPs).
Interchangeable Biosimilar – A biosimilar that may be used as a substitute for an original biosimilar
product at the pharmacy without needing a new prescription because it meets additional requirements
about the potential for automatic substitution. Automatic substitution at the pharmacy is subject to state
law.
List of Covered Drugs (formulary or Drug List) – A list of prescription drugs covered by our plan.
Low Income Subsidy (LIS) – Go to Extra Help.
Maximum Charge – The maximum amount or limiting charge that a non‑participating provider may
charge a Medicare beneficiary for services billed on non‑assigned claims.
Maximum Fair Price – The price Medicare negotiated for a selected drug.
Maximum Out‑of‑Pocket Amount – The most that you pay out‑of‑pocket during the calendar year for
in‑network covered services. Your combined maximum out‑of‑pocket amount is the most that you pay
out‑of‑pocket during the calendar year for in‑network and out‑of‑network covered services combined.
Medicare Part A and Part B premiums, and prescription drugs don't count toward the maximum
out‑of‑pocket amount. See Chapter 4, Section 1.2 for information about your maximum out‑of‑pocket
amount.
Manufacturer Discount Program – A program under which drug manufacturers pay a portion of our
plan’s full cost for covered Part D brand name drugs and biologics. Discounts are based on agreements
between the federal government and drug manufacturers.
Medicaid (or Medical Assistance) – A joint federal and state program that helps with medical costs for
some people with low incomes and limited resources. State Medicaid programs vary, but most health
care costs are covered if you qualify for both Medicare and Medicaid.

164 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 12. Definitions
Medical Group – A Medical Group is a group of physicians and other health care providers under
contract to provide services to members of our plan.
Medically Accepted Indication – A use of a drug that is either approved by the FDA or supported by
certain references, such as the American Hospital Formulary Service Drug Information and the
Micromedex DRUGDEX Information system.
Medically Necessary – Services, supplies, or drugs that are needed for the prevention, diagnosis, or
treatment of your medical condition and meet accepted standards of medical practice.
Medicare – The federal health insurance program for people 65 years of age or older, some people
under age 65 with certain disabilities, and people with End‑Stage Renal Disease (generally those with
permanent kidney failure who need dialysis or a kidney transplant).
Medicare Advantage Open Enrollment Period – The time period from January 1 to March 31 when
members in a Medicare Advantage plan can cancel their plan enrollment and switch to another
Medicare Advantage plan or get coverage through Original Medicare. If you choose to switch to Original
Medicare during this period, you can also join a separate Medicare prescription drug plan at that time.
The Medicare Advantage Open Enrollment Period is also available for a 3‑month period after a person is
first eligible for Medicare.
Medicare Advantage (MA) Plan – Sometimes called Medicare Part C. A plan offered by a private
company that contracts with Medicare to provide you with all your Medicare Part A and Part B benefits.
A Medicare Advantage Plan can be an HMO, a PPO, a Private Fee‑for‑Service (PFFS) plan, or a Medicare
Medical Savings Account (MSA) plan. Besides choosing from these types of plans, a Medicare
Advantage HMO or PPO plan can also be a Special Needs Plan (SNP). In most cases, Medicare
Advantage Plans also offer Medicare Part D (prescription drug coverage). These plans are called
Medicare Advantage Plans with Prescription Drug Coverage.
Medicare‑Covered Services – Services covered by Medicare Part A and Part B. All Medicare health
plans must cover all the services that are covered by Medicare Part A and B. The term
Medicare‑Covered Services doesn’t include the extra benefits, such as vision, dental, or hearing, that a
Medicare Advantage plan may offer.
Medicare Health Plan – A Medicare health plan is offered by a private company that contracts with
Medicare to provide Part A and Part B benefits to people with Medicare who enroll in our plan. This term
includes all Medicare Advantage Plans, Medicare Cost Plans, Special Needs Plans, Demonstration/Pilot
Programs, and Programs of All‑inclusive Care for the Elderly (PACE).
Medicare Drug coverage (Medicare Part D) – Insurance to help pay for outpatient prescription drugs,
vaccines, biologicals, and some supplies not covered by Medicare Part A or Part B.
Medication Therapy Management (MTM) program – A Medicare Part D program for complex health
needs provided to people who meet certain requirements or are in a Drug Management Program. MTM
services usually include a discussion with a pharmacist or health care provider to review medications.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 165
Chapter 12. Definitions
Medigap (Medicare Supplement Insurance) Policy – Medicare supplement insurance sold by private
insurance companies to fill “gaps” in Original Medicare. Medigap policies only work with Original
Medicare. (A Medicare Advantage Plan is not a Medigap policy.)
Member (member of our plan, or plan member) – A person with Medicare who is eligible to get covered
services, who has enrolled in our plan, and whose enrollment has been confirmed by the Centers for
Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS).
Member Services – A department within our plan responsible for answering your questions about your
membership, benefits, grievances, and appeals.
Network – A group of doctors, hospitals, pharmacies, and other health care experts contracted by our
plan to provide covered services to its members (go to Chapter 1, Section 3.2). Network providers are
independent contractors and not agents of our plan.
Network Pharmacy – A pharmacy that contracts with our plan where members of our plan can get their
prescription drug benefits. In most cases, your prescriptions are covered only if they’re filled at one of
our network pharmacies.
Network Provider – Provider is the general term for doctors, other health care professionals, hospitals,
and other health care facilities that are licensed or certified by Medicare and by the state to provide
health care services. Network providers have an agreement with our plan to accept our payment as
payment in full, and in some cases to coordinate as well as provide covered services to members of our
plan. Network providers are also called plan providers.
Non‑Medicare Covered Services – Services that are not normally covered when you have Original
Medicare. These are usually extra benefits you may receive as a member of a Medicare Advantage plan.
Open Enrollment Period – The time period of October 15 until December 7 of each year when members
can change their health or drug plans or switch to Original Medicare.
Optional Supplemental Benefits – Non‑Medicare covered benefits that can be purchased for an
additional premium and aren't included in your package of benefits. You must voluntarily elect Optional
Supplemental Benefits in order to get them.
Organization Determination – A decision our plan makes about whether items or services are covered
or how much you have to pay for covered items or services. Organization determinations are called
coverage decisions in this document.
Original Biological Product – A biological product that has been approved by the FDA and serves as the
comparison for manufacturers making a biosimilar version. It is also called a reference product.

166 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 12. Definitions
Original Medicare (Traditional Medicare or Fee‑for‑Service Medicare) – Original Medicare is offered
by the government, and not a private health plan such as Medicare Advantage plans and prescription
drug plans. Under Original Medicare, Medicare services are covered by paying doctors, hospitals, and
other health care providers payment amounts established by Congress. You can see any doctor,
hospital, or other health care provider that accepts Medicare. You must pay the deductible. Medicare
pays its share of the Medicare‑approved amount, and you pay your share. Original Medicare has 2 parts:
Part A (Hospital Insurance) and Part B (Medical Insurance) and is available everywhere in the United
States.
Out‑of‑Network Pharmacy – A pharmacy that doesn’t have a contract with our plan to coordinate or
provide covered drugs to members of our plan. Most drugs you get from out‑of‑network pharmacies
aren’t covered by our plan unless certain conditions apply.
Out‑of‑Network Provider or Out‑of‑Network Facility – A provider or facility that doesn’t have a
contract with our plan to coordinate or provide covered services to members of our plan. Out‑of‑network
providers are providers that aren’t employed, owned, or operated by our plan.
Out‑of‑Pocket Costs – Go to the definition for cost sharing above. A member’s cost‑sharing
requirement to pay for a portion of services or drugs received is also referred to as the member’s
out‑of‑pocket cost requirement.
Out‑of‑Pocket Threshold – The maximum amount you pay out‑of‑pocket for Part D drugs.
PACE plan – A PACE (Program of All‑Inclusive Care for the Elderly) plan combines medical, social, and
long‑term services and supports (LTSS) for frail people to help people stay independent and living in
their community (instead of moving to a nursing home) as long as possible. People enrolled in PACE
plans get both their Medicare and Medicaid benefits through our plan.
Part C – Go to Medicare Advantage (MA) Plan.
Part D – The voluntary Medicare Prescription Drug Benefit Program.
Part D Drugs – Drugs that can be covered under Part D. We may or may not offer all Part D drugs.
Certain categories of drugs have been excluded as covered Part D drugs by Congress. Certain
categories of Part D drugs must be covered by every plan.
Part D Late Enrollment Penalty – An amount added to your monthly plan premium for Medicare drug
coverage if you go without creditable coverage (coverage that’s expected to pay, on average, at least as
much as standard Medicare prescription drug coverage) for a continuous period of 63 days or more
after you’re first eligible to join a Part D plan.
Preferred Cost Sharing – Preferred cost sharing means lower cost sharing for certain covered Part D
drugs at certain network pharmacies.

2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS) 167
Chapter 12. Definitions
Point‑of‑Service (POS) – The POS benefit allows you to use a provider who is not in our network.
However, if you choose to go out‑of‑network for your care, you will typically pay higher out‑of‑pocket
expenses. While the POS options provide more choice and flexibility, it is important to remember that not
all services are available outside the network of contracted providers.
Premium – The periodic payment to Medicare, an insurance company, or a health care plan for health or
prescription drug coverage.
Preventive Services – Health care to prevent illness or detect illness at an early stage, when treatment is
likely to work best (for example, preventive services include Pap tests, flu shots, and screening
mammograms).
Prescription Drug Benefit Manager – Often referred to as a Pharmacy Benefits Manager (PBM), which
is a third‑party administrator of prescription drug programs. The PBM is primarily responsible for
processing and paying prescription drug claims, but they also may be responsible for contracting with
pharmacies and negotiating discounts and rebates with drug manufacturers.
Primary Care Provider (PCP) – The doctor or other provider you see first for most health problems. In
many Medicare health plans, you must see your primary care provider before you see any other health
care provider.
Prior Authorization – Approval in advance to get services and/or certain drugs based on specific
criteria. Covered services that need prior authorization are marked in the Medical Benefits Chart in
Chapter 4. Covered drugs that need prior authorization are marked in the formulary and our criteria are
posted on our website.
Prosthetics and Orthotics – Medical devices including, but not limited to, arm, back and neck braces;
artificial limbs; artificial eyes; and devices needed to replace an internal body part or function, including
ostomy supplies and enteral and parenteral nutrition therapy.
Quality Improvement Organization (QIO) – A group of practicing doctors and other health care experts
paid by the federal government to check and improve the care given to Medicare patients.
Quantity Limits – A management tool that is designed to limit the use of a drug for quality, safety, or
utilization reasons. Limits may be on the amount of the drug that we cover per prescription or for a
defined period of time.
“Real‑Time Benefit Tool” – A portal or computer application in which enrollees can look up complete,
accurate, timely, clinically appropriate, enrollee‑specific formulary and benefit information. This includes
cost sharing amounts, alternative formulary medications that may be used for the same health condition
as a given drug, and coverage restrictions (Prior Authorization, Step Therapy, Quantity Limits) that apply
to alternative medications.
Rehabilitation Services – These services include inpatient rehabilitation care, physical therapy
(outpatient), speech and language therapy, and occupational therapy.

168 2026 Evidence of Coverage for Aetna Medicare Select (HMO-POS)
Chapter 12. Definitions
Selected drug – A drug covered under Part D for which Medicare negotiated a Maximum Fair Price.
Service Area – A geographic area where you must live to join a particular health plan. For plans that limit
which doctors and hospitals you may use, it’s also generally the area where you can get routine
(non‑emergency) services. Our plan must disenroll you if you permanently move out of our plan’s service
area.
Skilled Nursing Facility (SNF) Care – Skilled nursing care and rehabilitation services provided on a
continuous, daily basis, in a skilled nursing facility. Examples of care include physical therapy or
intravenous injections that can only be given by a registered nurse or doctor.
Special Enrollment Period – A set time when members can change their health or drug plan or return to
Original Medicare. Situations in which you may be eligible for a Special Enrollment Period include: if you
move outside the service area, if you're getting Extra Help with your prescription drug costs, if you move
into a nursing home, or if we violate our contract with you.
Special Needs Plan – A special type of Medicare Advantage plan that provides more focused health
care for specific groups of people, such as those who have both Medicare and Medicaid, who live in a
nursing home, or who have certain chronic medical conditions.
Standard Cost Sharing – Standard cost sharing is cost sharing other than preferred cost sharing offered
at a network pharmacy.
Step Therapy – A utilization tool that requires you to first try another drug to treat your medical condition
before we'll cover the drug your physician may have initially prescribed.
Supplemental Security Income (SSI) – A monthly benefit paid by Social Security to people with limited
income and resources who are disabled, blind, or age 65 and older. SSI benefits aren't the same as Social
Security benefits.
Urgently Needed Services – A plan‑covered service requiring immediate medical attention that’s not an
emergency is an urgently needed service if either you’re temporarily outside our plan’s service area, or
it’s unreasonable given your time, place, and circumstances to get this service from network providers.
Examples of urgently needed services are unforeseen medical illnesses and injuries, or unexpected
flare‑ups of existing conditions. Medically necessary routine provider visits (like annual checkups) aren’t
considered urgently needed even if you’re outside our plan’s service area or our plan network is
temporarily unavailable.

APPENDIX A:
Important contact information
Quality Improvement Organizations (QIO)
Livanta, Address: BFCC‑QIO Program Livanta LLC PO Box 2687 Virginia
Region 7:
Beach, VA 23450, Phone: 1‑888‑755‑5580, TTY: 711, Hours: Monday–Friday
Iowa, Kansas, Missouri,
9:00 AM to 5:00 PM, Saturday–Sunday/Holidays 10:00 AM to 4:00 PM local
Nebraska
time, Website: livantaqio.cms.gov/en
State Medicaid Office
Missouri Medicaid (MO HealthNet), Address: Department of Social Services, 615
Howerton Court, PO Box 6500, Jefferson City, MO 65102‑6500, Phone:
Missouri
573‑751‑3425, TTY: 711, Hours: Monday–Friday 8:00 AM to 5:00 PM, Website:
mydss.mo.gov/mhd
State Health Insurance Assistance Program (SHIP)
Missouri SHIP, Address: Department of Commerce & Insurance, 601 W. Nifong
Blvd., Ste. A, Columbia, MO 65203‑6804, Phone: 1‑800‑390‑3330,
Missouri TTY: 1‑800‑735‑2966 This number requires special telephone equipment and is
only for people who have difficulties with hearing or speaking, Hours:
Monday–Friday 9:00 AM to 4:00 PM, Website: missouriship.org
State Pharmaceutical Assistance Program (SPAP)
Missouri Rx Plan (MORx), Address: PO Box 2700, Jefferson City, MO 65102,
Phone: 1‑800‑375‑1406, 573‑751‑6963, TTY: 1‑800‑735‑2966 This number
Missouri requires special telephone equipment and is only for people who have difficulties
with hearing or speaking, Hours: Monday–Friday 6:00 AM to 6:00 PM, Website:
mydss.mo.gov/mhd/morx-general-faqs#:
State AIDS Drug Assistance Programs (ADAP)
Missouri AIDS Drug Assistance Program, Address: Department of Health and
Senior Services, PO Box 570, Jefferson City, MO 65102, Phone: 573‑751‑6439,
Missouri 1‑888‑252‑8045, TTY: 711, Hours: Monday–Friday 8:00 AM to 5:00 PM, Website:
health.mo.gov/living/healthcondiseases/communicable/hivaids/casemgmt.p
hp

Notice of Availability (NOA)
TTY: 711
To access language services at no cost to you, call the number on your ID card. (English)
እርስዎ ወጪ ሳያወጡ የቋንቋ አገልግሎቶችን ለመድረስ በመታወቂያ ካርድዎ (ID) ላይ ወዳለው ቁጥር ይደውሉ።
(Amharic)
.ﻚب ةﺻاﺨلا ةيﻮﻀعلا ةﻗاﻄب ﻰلﻋ دﻮجﻮﻤلا ﻢﻗﺮلاب ﻞﺼتا ،اًناﺠم ةغللا تامﺪﺧ ﻰلﻋ لﻮﺼ (Arabic)
如欲使用免費語言服務，請致電您 ID 卡上的電話號碼。 (Chinese)
Tajaajila afaanii bilisaan argachuuf, lakkoofsa Waraqaa Eenyummeessaa (ID) keessan irra jiru
irratti bilbilaa. (Cushite)
Pour accéder gratuitement aux services linguistiques, appelez le numéro figurant sur votre carte
d’identité. (French)
Pou w jwenn aksè ak sèvis lang gratis pou ou, rele nimewo ki sou kat idantite w la. (French
Creole)
Um kostenlos auf Sprachdienste zuzugreifen, rufen Sie die Nummer auf Ihrem Ausweis an.
(German)
Inā ake ʻoe e ili mai no ke kōkua manuahi me ka unuhi, e kelepona ʻoe i ka helu ma kou kāleka ID.
(Hawaiian)
Kom tau txais cov kev pab cuam txhais lus yam tsis sau nqi ntawm koj, thov hu rau tus xov tooj
nyob ntawm koj daim npav ID. (Hmong)
Per accedere gratuitamente ai servizi linguistici, chiama il numero riportato sul tuo tesserino
identificativo. (Italian)
無料の言語サービスをご利用いただくには、ご自身のIDカードに記載されている番号 にお電話くだ
さい。 (Japanese)
လၢကမၤနၢ့ ်ကျ ာိ်တၢ မ် ၤစၢၤတၢ မ် ၤ လၢတလၣိ ်လၢာ်ဘၣူ ်လၢာ်စၤ့ လၢနဂီၢ အ် ဂီၢ,် ကးိ နၣီ ်ဂံၢ လၢအအၣိ ် ဖဲန ID အဖီခၣိ ်န ၣ့်
တကၢ့ .် (Karen)
무료로 언어 서비스를 이용하려면 ID 카드에 적힌 전화번호로 전화하세요. (Korean)
ເ ືພ່ ອເ ົ ້ຂາເ ິຖງການບໍ ິລການພາສາໂດຍບ ເສຍຄ່ າໃ ້ຊຈ່ າຍໃດໆແກ່ ທ ່ ານ, ໃຫ້ ໂທຫາເ ີບ ີທ ່ ູ ່ຢໃນ ັບດປະ ໍຈາ ົຕວຂອງທ.
(Laotian)
េេដើម ីទទួល េនស ែផ ក េ យមិនគិៃតថ ពីអ កសូមទូរសព េ េលែខដល េន េេលើ តស ល់ខ នរបស់អ ក។
(Mon‑Khmer, Cambodian)
سامت دوﺧ ﯽياﺳانﺷ تراﮐ یور هدﺷ ديﻗ هرامﺷ اب ،ناﮕيار روط ﮫب نابز تامدﺧ ﮫب ﯽﺳرتﺳد یارب (Persian farsi)
ديريﮕب
Aby uzyskać bezpłatny dostęp do usług językowych, zadzwoń pod numer podany na karcie ID.
(Polish)
Ligue para o número que está no seu cartão de identificação para receber assistência linguística
gratuita. (Portuguese)

Чтобы получить бесплатные языковые услуги, позвоните по номеру телефона, указанному на
вашей идентификационной карте. (Russian)
Para acceder a servicios de idiomas sin costo alguno, llame al número que figura en su tarjeta
de identificación. (Spanish)
Upang ma‑access ang mga serbisyo sa wika nang wala kang babayaran, tawagan ang numero
sa iyong ID card. (Tagalog)
Để truy cập dịch vụ ngôn ngữ miễn phí, hãy gọi đến số điện thoại trên thẻ ID của quý vị.
(Vietnamese)
Y0001_Y0130_H6399_2025_V1

Aetna Medicare Select (HMO‑POS) Member Services
Member Services – Contact Information
1‑833‑570‑6670 or the number on your member ID card
Calls to this number are free.
Call Hours of operation are 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week.
Member Services at 1‑833‑570‑6670 (TTY users call 711) also has free language
interpreter services available for non‑English speakers.
711
TTY
Calls to this number are free.
Hours of operation are 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week.
Fax 1‑866‑759‑4415
Aetna Medicare
Write PO Box 14088
Lexington, KY 40512
Go to AetnaMedicare.com/H2663-023 or scan this code with your
Website
smartphone to visit our website.
State Health Insurance Assistance Program (SHIP)
SHIP is a state program that gets money from the federal government to give free local health insurance
counseling to people with Medicare. Contact information for your state’s SHIP is in Appendix A at the
back of this document.
PRA Disclosure Statement According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, no persons are required to
respond to a collection of information unless it displays a valid OMB control number. The valid OMB control
number for this information collection is 0938‑1051. If you have comments or suggestions for improving this
form, write to: CMS, 7500 Security Boulevard, Attn: PRA Reports Clearance Officer, Mail Stop C4‑26‑05,
Baltimore, Maryland 21244‑1850.
20250821